1	Inter-annotator agreement was determined for six pairs of two annotators each, resulting in kappa values  ) ranging from 0.62 to 0.82 for the whole database (Carlson et al.
1	in   defined the similarity between two concepts as the information that is in common to both concepts and the information contained in each individual concept
1	 , a robust risk minimization classifier, based on a regularized winnow method     and a maximum entropy classifier    .
1	While work on subjectivity analysis in other languages is growing  , Chinese data are used in  , and German data are used in  ), much of the work in subjectivity analysis has been applied to English data.
1	Minor variants support voted perceptron   and MEMMs   with the same ef cient feature encoding.
1	Its roots are the same as computational linguistics  , but it has been largely ignored in CL until recently  .
1	Since so many concepts used in discourse are graindependent, a theory of granularity is also fundamental  .
1	7 Independently, Cutting et aL   quote a performance of 800 words per second for their part-of-speech tagger based on hidden Markov models.
1	Not only many combinations are found in the corpus, many of them have very similar mutual information values to that of 318 Table 2: economic impact verb economic financial political social budgetary ecological economic economic economic economic economic economic economic economic economic object impact impact impact impact impact impact effect implication consequence significance fallout repercussion potential ramification risk mutual freq info 171 1.85 127 1.72 46 0.50 15 0.94 8 3.20 4 2.59 84 0.70 17 0.80 59 1.88 10 0.84 7 1.66 7 1.84 27 1.24 8 2.19 17 -0.33 nomial distribution can be accurately approximated by a normal distribution  .
2	…for ovarian and other similar cancer cell lines have shown an increase in infectivity through CAR-independent transduction, achieving higher reporter gene expression by several orders of magnitude in the primary tumor cells  .
1	The standard solution is to approximate the maximum probability translation using a single derivation  .
1	The precision rate using the lexical statistics approach can reach around 60% if both word bi-gram extraction and n-gram extractions are taking into account  .
1	Although few corpora annotated with semantic knowledge are available now, there are some valuable lexical databases describing the lexical semantics in dictionary form, for example English WordNet   and Chinese HowNet  .
1	They first extract English collocations using the Xtract systetn  , and theu look for French coutlterparts.
1	For each word in LDV, three existing thesauri are consulted: Rogets Thesaurus  , Collins COBUILD Thesaurus  , and WordNet  .
1	The standard method to overcome this problem to use the model in both directions   and applying heuristic-based combination techniques to produce a refined alignment  henceforth referred to as RA. Several researchers have proposed algorithms for improving word alignment systems by injecting additional knowledge or combining different alignment models.
1	We then parse both sides of the corpus with syntactic parsers  .
1	The template we use here is similar to Turney  , but we have added extra context words before the X and after the Y . Our morphological processing also differs from Turney  .
1	any 412 Turney Similarity of Semantic Relations researchers have argued that metaphor is the heart of human thinking  
0	The resulting net increase in ATF4 and CHOP is significantly less than that observed with a bona fide ER stress inducer, such as TG  .
1	irect feedback loops that copy a predicted output label to the input representation of the next example have been used in symbolic machine-learning architectures such as the the maximum-entropy tagger described by Ratnaparkhi   and the memory-based tagger   proposed by Daelemans et al
1	One is automatic thesaurus acquisition, that is, to identify synonyms or topically related words from corpora based on various measures of similarity  .
2	akov and Hearst   solved relational similarity problems using the Web as a corpus
1	Decoding weights are optimized using Ochs algorithm   to set weights for the four components of the loglinear model: language model, phrase translation model, distortion model, and word-length feature.
2	Steps 3  to 3  can be done efficiently using techniques of Camenisch, Hohenberger, and Lysyanskaya  .
1	Clark   reports results on a corpus containing 12 million terms, Schcurrency1utze   on one containing 25 million terms, and Brown, et al,   on one containing 365 million terms.
1	The corresponding unlabeled figures are 73.3 and 33.4.3 This confirms the results of previous studies showing that the pseudo-projective parsing technique used by MaltParser tends to give high precision  given that non-projective dependencies are among the most difficult to parse correctly  but rather low recall  .
2	Our model exploits the same kind of tag-n-gram information that forms the core of many successful tagging models, for example,  ,  ,  .
2	Standard sequence prediction models are highly effective for supertagging, including Hidden Markov Models  , Maximum Entropy Markov Models  , and Conditional Random Fields  .
1	Thelistsmaybeused withannotation and a tuning process, such as in  , to iteratively alter feature weights and improve results.
1	We then built separate directed word alignments for EnglishX andXEnglish   using IBM model 4  , combined them using the intersect+grow heuristic  , and extracted phrase-level translation pairs of maximum length seven using the alignment template approach  .
1	We could also introduce new variables, e.g., nonterminal refinements  , or secondary linksMij   that augment the parse with representations of control, binding, etc.
1	For an alignment model, most of these use the Aachen HMM approach  , the implementation of IBM Model 4 in GIZA++   or, more recently, the semi-supervised EMD algorithm  .
1	This paper is heavily indebted to prior work on unsupervised learning of position categories such as Brown et al 1992, Schtze 1997, Higgins 2002, and others cited there.
1	Test and training materials were derived from the Brown corpus of American English, all of which has been parsed and manually verified by the Penn T~eebank project   and parts of which have been manually sense-tagged by the WordNet group  .
1	A problem mentioned in   is that the algorithm that computes the compressed representation might need to retain the entire database in memory; in their paper, they design strategies to work around this problem.
1	6.1 Evaluation of Translation Performance We use the BLEU score   to evaluate our systems.
1	For example, in the WSJ corpus, part of the Penn Treebank 3 release  , the string in   is a variation 12-gram since off is a variation nucleus that is tagged preposition   in one corpus occurrence and particle   in another.1 Dickinson   shows that examining those cases with identical local contextin this case, lookingat ward off aresultsinanestimated error detection precision of 92.5%.
2	The development of mathematical models for evolution of primary quantities of interest in bioreactor systems, as well as their incorporation into the design process, have the potential to accelerate the path to realization of optimal functional outcomes in engineered tissues; see   for a review of modeling approaches.
1	The lexicalized parsing experiments were run using Dan Bikels probabilistic parsing engine   which in addition to replicating the models described by Collins   also provides a convenient interface to develop corresponding parsing models for other languages.
0	While this method is known to be generally reliable, there are some questions about the representativeness of the data used  .
1	The complexities of 15 restricted alignment problems in two very different synchronous grammar formalisms of syntax-based machine translation, inversion transduction grammars     and a restricted form of range concatenation grammars  -BRCGs)  , are investigated.
1	The relationship between Kneser-Ney smoothing to the Bayesian approach have been explored in   using Pitman-Yor processes.
1	e used the Ramshaw and Marcus   representation as well  
1	Parameters were tuned with minimum error-rate training   on the NIST evaluation set of 2006   for both C-E and A-E.
1	Some of this work focuses on classifying the semantic orientation of individual words or phrases, using linguistic heuristics or a pre-selected set of seed words  .
1	It is equipped with head binarization to help improve parsing accuracy, following the traditional linguistic insight that phrases are organized around the head  .
1	Dagan, Church, and Gale   expanded on this idea by replacing Brown et al.'s   word alignment parameters, which were based on absolute word positions in aligned segments, with a much smaller set of relative offset parameters.
2	Sentences are parsed using the MST dependency parser  , which implements the Eisner algorithm   for dependency parsing, and provides an efficient and robust performance.
1	Translation performance was measured using the BLEU score  , which measures n-gram overlap with a reference translation.
1	The word alignments were created with Giza++   applied to a parallel corpus containing the complete Europarl training data, plus sets of 4,051 sentence pairs created by pairing the test sentences with the reference translations, and the test sentences paired with each of the system translations.
2	 , various classification models and linguistic features have been proposed to improve the classification performance  .
1	Instead of taking just the nal weight vector, the voted perceptron algorithm takes the average of the t. Collins   reported and we con rmed that this averaging reduces overtting considerably.
1	The toolkit also implements suffix-array grammar extraction   and minimum error rate training  .
2	5 Analysis Over the last few years, several automatic metrics for machine translation evaluation have been introduced, largely to reduce the human cost of iterative system evaluation during the development cycle  .
1	However, as   do not propose any evaluation of which clustering algorithm should be used, we experiment a set of clustering algorithms and present the comparative results.
1	Step 2 involves extracting minimal xRS rules   from the set of string/tree/alignments triplets.
1	While studies have shown that ratings of MT systems by BLEU and similar metrics correlate well with human judgments  , we are not aware of any studies that have shown that corpus-based evaluation metrics of NLG systems are correlated with human judgments; correlation studies have been made of individual components  , but not of systems.
1	The implementation includes path-length  , information-content   and text-overlap   measures, as described in Strube & Ponzetto  .
0	On smaller data sets   the joint model shows performance comparable to the standard model, however the joint model does not reach the level of performance of the stan156 EN-ES ES-EN Joint 3-gram, dl4 20.51 26.64 5-gram, dl6 26.34 27.17 + lex.
2	…and valid across a number of studies  , displays good sensitivity and specificity  , is sensitive to changes over time   and is acceptable to administer over the phone  .
1	A totally different approach to improving the accuracy of our parser is to use the idea of selftraining described in  .
1	1 Introduction Word alignment is a critical component in training statistical machine translation systems and has received a significant amount of research, for example,  , including work leveraging syntactic parse trees, e.g.,  .
1	As with other randomised models we construct queries with the appropriate sanity checks to lower the error rate efficiently  .
1	We use the Stanford parser   with its default Chinese grammar, the GIZA++   alignment package with its default settings, and the ME tool developed by  .
1	ord association norms based on co-occurrence information have been proposed by  
1	  0.19-0.48 Leacock & Chodrow   0.36 Lin   0.36 Resnik   0.37 Proposed 0.504 7 Conclusion We proposed a relational model to measure the semantic similarity between two words.
1	1 Introduction In the first SMT systems  , word alignment was introduced as a hidden variable of the translation model.
1	The IBM source-channel model for statistical machine translation   plays a central role in our system.
1	2 2.1 Word Alignment Adaptation Bi-directional Word Alignment In statistical translation models  , only one-to-one and more-to-one word alignment links can be found.
2	In a later study, Och and Ney   present a loglinear combination of the HMM and IBM Model 4 that produces better alignments than either of those.
1	Indeed, our methods were inspired by past work on variational decoding for DOP   and for latent-variable parsing  .
1	In future work we plan to experiment with richer representations, e.g. including long-range n-grams  , class n-grams  , grammatical features  , etc'.
1	In the future, we will experiment with semantic   clustering of premoditiers, using techniques such as those proposed in \ .
1	 , is not very useful for applications like statistical machine translation,  , for which an accurate word-to-word alignment between the source and the target languages is critical for high quality translations.
1	Wu   investigated the use of concurrent parsing of parallel corpora in a transduction inversion framework, helping to resolve attachment ambiguities in one language by the coupled parsing state in the second language.
2	Point-wise mutual information   and Relative Feature Focus   are well-known examples.
1	In this paper, translation quality is evaluated according to   the BLEU metrics which calculates the geometric mean of ngram precision by the system output with respect to reference translations  , and   the METEOR metrics that calculates unigram overlaps between translations  .
1	iezler and Maxwell   describe a method for learning a probabilistic model that maps LFG parse structures in German into LFG parse structures in English
2	3.2 Evaluation Metrics AER     is the most widely used metric of alignment quality, but requires gold-standard alignments labelled with sure/possible annotations to compute; lacking such annotations, we can compute alignment fmeasure instead.
1	Extensions to Hiero Several authors describe extensions to Hiero, to incorporate additional syntactic information  , or to combine it with discriminative latent models  .
1	We used GIZA++ package   to train IBM translation models.
1	Translation scores are reported using caseinsensitive BLEU   with a single reference translation.
1	The pervading method for estimating these probabilities is a simple heuristic based on the relative frequency of the phrase pair in the multi-set of the phrase pairs extracted from the word-aligned corpus  .
1	For example, Liu and Gildea   developed the Sub-Tree Metric   over constituent parse trees and the Head-Word Chain Metric   over dependency parse trees.
1	Turney   argues that many NLP tasks can be formulated in terms of analogical reasoning, and he applies his PairClass algorithm to a number of problems including SAT verbal analogy tests, synonym/antonym classification and distinction between semantically similar and semantically associated words.
1	We obtained 47,025 50-dimensional reduced vectors from the SVD and clustered them into 200 classes using the fast clustering algorithm Buckshot    .
1	More details on these standard criteria can be found for instance in  .
1	Motivated by our goal of representing syntax, we used part-of-speech   tags as labeled by a maximum entropy tagger  .
1	First, the addition of each modification improves the F-score for both true and system mentions 9The H&K results shown here are not directly comparable with those reported in Haghighi and Klein  , since H&K evaluated their system on the ACE 2004 coreference corpus.
1	Charniak   and Johnson   annotated each node with its parent and grandparent nonterminals, to more precisely reflect its outside context.
2	…the most widely used animal model of whole ovary cryopreservation and is of comparable size to the human ovary  .
1	With the exception of  , most unsupervised work on PP attachment is based on superficial analysis of the unlabeled corpus without the use of partial parsing  .
1	This model shares some similarities with the stochastic inversion transduction grammars   presented by Wu in  .
1	Although the authors of   stated that they would discuss the search problem in a follow-up arti cle, so far there have no publications devoted to the decoding issue for statistical machine translation.
2	Compared to their k-based counterparts 2D SPEN pulses can have, under the right conditions, an enhanced robustness vis-à-vis field heterogeneities and chemical shifts  .
2	The abduction-based approach   has provided a simple and elegant way to realize such a task.
1	A growing body of recent research has focused on the problems of identifying and generating paraphrases, e.g., Barzilay & McKeown  , Lin & Pantel  , Shinyama et al,  , Barzilay & Lee  , and Pang et al.
1	To overcome these limitations, many syntaxbased SMT models have been proposed  .
1	The per-state models in this paper are log-linear models, building upon the models in   and  , though some models are in fact strictly simpler.
1	Unfortunately, as was shown by Fraser and Marcu   AER can have weak correlation with translation performance as measured by BLEU score  , when the alignments are used to train a phrase-based translation system.
1	The usefulness of prosody was found to be very limited by itself, if the effect of utterance length is not considered  .
1	illmann and Zhang   trained their feature set using an online discriminative algorithm
1	Traditionally, generative word alignment models have been trained on massive parallel corpora  .
1	Our evaluation metrics is casesensitive BLEU-4  .
2	Measurement of central BP appears to offer advantages over brachial BP for risk stratification  .
1	he formally syntax-based model for SMT was first advocated by Wu  
2	1 Introduction Possibly the most remarkable evolution of recent years in statistical machine translation is the step from word-based models to phrase-based models  .
1	The classical Bayes relation is used to introduce a target language model  : e = argmaxe Pr  = argmaxe Pr Pr  where Pr  is the translation model and Pr  is the target language model.
1	Unconstrained CL corresponds exactly to a conditional maximum entropy model  .
1	Atthefinestlevel, thisinvolvesthealignment of words and phrases within two sentences that are known to be translations  .
1	We used a loglinear model with no Markov dependency between adjacent tags,3 and trained the parameters of the model with the perceptron algorithm, with averaging to control for over-training  .
1	The central question in learning is how to set the parameters a, given the training examples Logistic regression and boosting involve different algorithms and criteria for training the parameters a, but recent work   has shown that the methods have strong similarities.
1	A richer set of features besides n-grams should be checked, and we should not ignore the potential effectiveness of unigrams in this task  .
1	In this work we will use structured linear classifiers  .
1	This algorithm is proved to converge   in the separable case  .1 Thatis,ifthereexistweightvectorU  ,   , and R   that satisfy: i,y  Y|xi|  U  U  , i,y  Y|xi| ||  ||  R, the number of updates is at most R2/2.
1	Responsiveness differs from other measures of summary content such as SEE coverage   and Pyramid scores   in that it does not compare a peer summary against a set of known human summaries.
1	They are also used for inducing alignments  .
1	417 structure of semantic networks was proposed in  , with a disambiguation accuracy of 50.9% measured on all the words in the SENSEVAL-2 data set.
1	1 Introduction Text-to-text generation is an emerging area of research in NLP  .
1	Use of sententially aligned corpora for word alignment has already been recommended in  .
0	We want to note that our WordNetbased method outperforms that of Hughes and Ramage  , which uses a similar method.
1	We use MXPOST tagger   for POS tagging, Charniak parser   for extracting syntactic relations, SVMlight1 for SVM classifier and David Bleis version of LDA2 for LDA training and inference.
1	Recently, many works combined a MRD and a corpus for word sense disambiguation .
2	1 Introduction Since 1995, a few statistical parsing algorithms   demonstrated a breakthrough in parsing accuracy, as measured against the University of Pennsylvania TREEBANK as a gold standard.
1	Doing joint inference instead of taking a pipeline approach has also been shown useful for other problems  ).
1	2 F 1 -score Maximization Training of LRM We first review the F 1 -score maximization training method for linear models using a logistic function described in  .
1	Running words 1,864 14,437 Vocabulary size 569 1,081 Table 2: ChineseEnglish corpus statistics   using Phramer  , a 3-gram language model with Kneser-Ney smoothing trained with SRILM   on the English side of the training data and Pharaoh   with default settings to decode.
1	Not unlike   we use confidence of our classifier on unannotated data to enrich itself; that is, by adding confidently-classified instances to the memory.
1	Our appoach is based on Maximum Entropy   technique  .
1	The weighting parameters of these features were optimized in terms of BLEU by the approach of minimum error rate training  .
1	Second, we follow Snow et al.s work   on taxonomy induction in incorporating transitive closure constraints in our probability calculations, as explained below.
1	2 Experimental System and Data HMIHY is a spoken dialogue system based on the notion of call routing  .
1	Our starting point is the work done by Zettlemoyer and Collins on parsing using relaxed CCG grammars    .
1	The first approach is to reuse the components of a generative model, but tune their relative weights in a discriminative fashion  .
0	However, reordering models in traditional phrase-based systems are not sufficient to treat such complex cases when we translate long sentences  .
1	  1We follow the notations in   for English-French, i.e., e  f, although our models are tested, in this paper, for English-Chinese.
1	  proposed using GIZA++   to align words between the backbone and hypothesis.
1	In order to build models that perform well in new   domains we usually find two settings  .
2	In previous work, we tested the DOP method on a cleaned-up set of analyzed part-of-speech strings from the Penn Treebank  , achieving excellent test results  .
1	Since Czech is a language with relatively high degree of word-order freedom, and its sentences contain certain syntactic phenomena, such as discontinuous constituents  , which cannot be straightforwardly handled using the annotation scheme of Penn Treebank  , based on phrase-structure trees, we decided to adopt for the PCEDT the dependency-based annotation scheme of the Prague Dependency Treebank  PDT  .
1	Finally, the parameters  i of the log-linear model   are learned by minimumerror-rate training  , which tries to set the parameters so as to maximize the BLEU score   of a development set.
2	We compare KCDML not only with the state-of-art methods including our current work—CDML   and LDA.
1	6 Smaller Tagset and Incomplete Dictionaries Previously, researchers working on this task have also reported results for unsupervised tagging with a smaller tagset  .
2	The results show that, as compared to BLEU, several recently proposed metrics such as Semantic-role overlap  , ParaEval-recall  , and METEOR   achieve higher correlation.
2	Support vector machines, developed by Vapnic, are based on the statistical learning theory   and recognized as an efficient and powerful regression and time series prediction technique.
1	Because of its central role in building machine translation systems and because of the complexity of the task, sub-sentential alignment of parallel corpora continues to be an active area of research  , and this implies a continuing demand for manually created or human-verified gold standard alignments for development and evaluation purposes.
0	Moreover, the result obtained by using the HVD edge detector   to 13 ) also exhibits a better visual quality than that of using theCanny operator   to 13 ).
1	  apply the theory of   and   to emotion classification and propose a method based on the co-occurrence distribution over content words and six emotion words  .
2	In addition, Nanog, in association with other reprogramming factors, has been shown to not only reprogram differentiated somatic cells into pluripotent stem cells  .
1	The labeled corpus is the Penn Wall Street Journal treebank  .
1	This weak supervision has been encoded using priors and initializations  , specialized models  , and implicit negative evidence  .
1	Some improvements on BOW are given by the use of dependency trees and syntactic parse trees  ,  ,  , but these, too are not adequate when dealing with complex questions whose answers are expressed by long and articulated sentences or even paragraphs.
1	In order to avoid this problem we implemented a simple bootstrapping procedure in which a seed data set of 100 instances of each of the eight categories was hand tagged and used to generate a decision list classifier using the C4.5 algorithm   with the word frequency and topic signature features described below.
2	Recently,   have successfully applied self-training to various parser adaptation scenarios using the reranking parser of  .
0	But from the experimental results in Wang et al.  , we find that R1MP outperforms these algorithms.
1	For more detail, see Chen & Martin  .
1	urney   and Wiebe   focused on learning adjectives and adjectival phrases and Wiebe et al
1	Other methods that have been proposed are one based on using the gain   and an approximate method for selecting informative features  , and several criteria for feature selection were proposed and compared with other criteria  .
1	Such text-oriented ranking methods can be applied to tasks ranging from automated extraction of keyphrases, to extractive summarization and word sense disambiguation  .
1	Brown et al. proposed a class-based n-gram model, which generalizes the n-gram model, to predict a word from previous words in a text  .
2	However, the Naive Bayes classifier has been found to perform well for word-sense disambiguation both here and in a variety of other works  ,  ,  , and  ).
1	In the tagging domain, Collins   compared log-linear and perceptron training for HMM-style tagging based on dynamic programming.
1	This is seen in that each time we check for the nearest intersection to the current 1-best for some n-best list l, we Algorithm 1 Och  s line search method to find the global minimum in the loss, lscript, when starting at the point w and searching along the direction d using the candidate translations given in the collection of n-best lists L. Input: L, w, d, lscript I {} for l L do for e  l do m{e} e.features d b{e} e.features w end for bestn argmaxel m{e}{b{e} breaks ties} loop bestn+1 = argminel max parenleftBig 0, b{bestn}b{e}m{e}m{bestn} parenrightBig intercept  max parenleftBig 0, b{bestn}b{bestn+1}m{bestn+1}m{bestn} parenrightBig if intercept > 0 then add  else break end if end loop end for add +2epsilon1) ibest = argminiI evallscript d) return w+ d must calculate its intersection with all other candidate translations that have yet to be selected as the 1-best.
2	3 China’s role in Apple’s global supply chain   have received a great deal of attention.
1	At the sentence level,   employed an unsupervised learning approach to cluster sentences and extract lattice pairs from comparable monolingual corpora.
1	It assumes that the distance of the positions relative to the diagonal of the   plane is the dominating factor: r  p  =  , Ei,=l r  As described in  , the EM algorithm can be used to estimate the parameters of the model.
2	An important contribution to interactive CAT technology was carried out around the TransType   project  .
1	According to current tagger comparisons  , and according to a comparsion of the results presented here with those in  , the Maximum Entropy framework seems to be the only other approach yielding comparable results to the one presented here.
2	Furthermore, it has been shown that tocilizumab has an excellent ability to suppress serum amyloid A levels and could therefore be an important therapeutic strategy in amyloid A amyloidosis secondary to rheumatic diseases  .
1	These results confirm the observed figures in the previous subsection and reinforce the sight that clustering is a worthless effort for automatic paraphrase corpora construction, contrarily to what   suggest.
1	3.3 BLEU Score The BLEU score   measures the agreement between a hypothesiseI1 generated by the MT system and a reference translation eI1.
1	Once the set of features functions are selected, algorithm such as improved iterative scaling   or sequential conditional generalized iterative scaling   can be used to find the optimal parameter values of fkg and fig.
1	2 Head Lexicalization As previously shown  , Collins  , Carroll and Rooth  , etc.), ContextFree Grammars   can be transformed to lexicalized CFGs, provided that a head-marking scheme for rules is given.
1	However, in the experiments described here, we focus on alignment at the level of sentences, this for a number of reasons: First, sentence alignments have so far proven their usefulness in a number of applications, e.g. bilingual lexicography  , automatic translation verification   and the automatic acquisition of knowledge about translation  .
1	The Kappa statistic   is typically used to measure the human interrater agreement.
1	Overall % agreement among judges for 250 propositions 60.1 A commonly used metric for evaluating interrater reliability in categorization of data is the kappa statistic  .
1	 , and others identifying non-anaphoric definite descriptions  ] and unsupervised techniques  ).
2	2.1 Lexicalized parse trees The first successful work on syntactic disambiguation was based on lexicalized probabilistic context-free grammar    .
1	Examples of such early work include  .
1	In the first step, the scores are initialized according to the G 2 statistic  .
1	The 45 stochastic word mapping is trained on a FrenchEnglish parallel corpus containing 700,000 sentence pairs, and, following Liu and Gildea  , we only keep the top 100 most similar words for each English word.
1	Text similarity has been also used for relevance feedback and text classification  , word sense disambiguation  , and more recently for extractive summarization  , and methods for automatic evaluation of machine translation   or text summarization  .
1	The POS tagger uses the same contextual predicates as Ratnaparkhi  ; the supertagger adds contextual predicates corresponding to POS tags and bigram combinations of POS tags  .
1	To address this, standard measures like precision and recall could be used, as in some previous research  .
1	And again, we see this insight informing statistical machine translation systems, for instance, in the phrase-based approaches of Och   and Koehn et al.
2	Transanal minimally invasive surgery   has emerged as an important alternative to transanal endoscopic microsurgery   capable of providing highquality local excision for rectal neoplasia  .
1	759 For all models used in our experiments, both wordand class-based, the smoothing method used was Stupid Backoff  .
1	Finally, recent work has explored learning to map sentences to lambda-calculus meaning representations  .
0	Previous work   performs the extraction of contexts and answers in multiple passes of the thread  , which cannot address the interactions well.
1	In Turney  , features are selected according to part-of-speech labels.
1	N-best results for phrasal alignment and ordering models in the decoder were optimized by lambda training via Maximum Bleu, along the lines described in  .
1	3 Model As an extension to commonly used lexical word pair probabilities p  as introduced in  , we define our model to operate on word triplets.
1	2 Inversion transduction grammars Inversion transduction grammars     are a notational variant of binary syntax-directed translation schemas   and are usually presented with a normal form: A   A. The universal recognition problem of ITGs can be solved in time O  by a CYKstyle parsing algorithm with two charts.
1	The clusters were found automatically by attempting to minimize perplexity  .
0	Although they obtained consistent and stable performance gains for MT, these were inferior to the gains yielded by Ochs procedure in  .
1	We used the NP data prepared by Ramshaw and Marcus  , hereafter RM95.
1	The MSLR parser   performs syntactic analysis of the sentence.
1	We use Entropy Regularization     to leverage unlabeled instances.7 We weight the ER term by choosing the best8 weight in {103,102,101,1,10} multiplied by #labeled#unlabeled for each data set and query selection method.
1	  then extended their method and established a sound probabilistic model series, relying on different parameters describing how words within parallel sentences are aligned to each other.
1	That is a significant shortcoming, because in many domains, hard or soft global constraints on the label sequence are motivated by common sense:  For named entity recognition, a phrase that appears multiple times should tend to get the same label each time  .
2	On the whole, we had better results than Winslow and Brunt  , perhaps because all the operations were performed by a single surgeon in our series.
1	In a test set containing 26 repairs Dowding et al. 1993, they obtained a detection recall rate of 42% with a precision of 85%, and a correction recall rate of 31% with a precision of 62%.
1	In the context of statistical machine translation  , we may interpretE as an English sentence, F its translation in French, and A a representation of how the words correspond to each other in the two sentences.
2	On the other hand, the best available parsers trained on the Penn Treebank, those of Collins   and Charniak  , use statistical models for disambiguation that make crucial use of dependency relations.
1	3 Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars     can be viewed as a restricted subset of Stochastic Syntax-Directed Transduction Grammars.
1	A word is considered to be known when it has an ambiguous tag   attributed to it in the LEXICON, which is compiled in the same way as for the MBT-tagger  .
1	The results were evaluated using the character/pinyin-based 4-gram BLEU score  , word error rate  , position independent word error rate  , and exact match  .
1	Iterating between these two 1 Note that these problems are associated with corpus-based approaches in general, and have been identified by a number of researchers  .
1	3.1 Results for English We used sections 0 to 12 of the WSJ part of the Penn Treebank   with a total of 24,618 sentences for our experiments.
2	Work at the University of Dundee   has shown that the extensive use of fixed text for sequences such as greetings and prestored narratives is beneficial in AAC.
1	2.3 Experiment The training set for these experiments was sections 01-21 of the Penn Treebank  .
1	We can then use this newly identified set to:   use Turneys method to find the orientation for the terms and employ the terms and their scores in a classifier, and   use Turneys method to find the orientation for the terms and add the new terms as additional seed terms for a second iteration As opposed to Turney  , we do not use the web as a resource to find associations, rather we apply the method directly to in-domain data.
1	In this paper, we propose an alignment algorithm between English and Korean conceptual units   in English-Korean technical term pairs based on IBM Model  .
1	We rerank derivations with cube growing, a lazy beam search algorithm  .
0	These scores are higher than those of several other parsers  , but remain behind tim scores of Charniak   who obtains 90.1% LP and 90.1% LR for sentences _< 40 words.
1	1   Introduction In the community of sentiment analysis  , transferring a sentiment classifier from one source domain to another target domain is still far from a trivial work, because sentiment expression often behaves with strong domain-specific nature.
1	The features used in this study are: the length of t; a single-parameter distortion penalty on phrase reordering in a, as described in  ; phrase translation model probabilities; and 4-gram language model probabilities logp , using Kneser-Ney smoothing as implemented in the SRILM toolkit.
1	In this paper we extend this work to represent sets of situation-specific events not unlike scripts, caseframes  , and FrameNet frames  .
2	Furthermore, risk-factor awareness among patients with lower-limb ischemia is suboptimal, and one benefit of a NLC is the opportunity to educate patients.  Indeed, our results show significant benefits of a protocol-based NLC for claudicants with a 25% relative risk reduction of predicted 10-year coronary events over a 3-month period.
1	For our baseline, we have selected the method based on binomial loglikelihood ratio test   described in  .
2	Introduction The creation of the Penn Treebank   and the word sense-annotated SEMCOR   have shown how even limited amounts of annotated data can result in major improvements in complex natural language understanding systems.
1	4 Comparison to Related Work Previous work has compared generative and discriminative models having the same structure, such as the Naive Bayes and Logistic regression models   and other models  .
1	The idea of word class   gives a general solution to this problem.
0	For example, by using IBN-Net, DenseNet169  , outperform their original versions by 0.
2	Building on   and inspired by the nonconvexity challenge of PSSE, the goal of this paper is to develop a polynomial-time SE solver for AC power networks, which also features competitive statistical performance.
1	Output sequence optimization Rather than basing classifications only on model parameters estimated from co-occurrences between input and output symbols employed for maximizing the likelihood of point-wise single-label predictions at the output level, classifier output may be augmented by an optimization over the output sequence as a whole using optimization techniques such as beam searching in the space of a conditional markov models output   or hidden markov models  .
1	In a factored translation model other factors than surface form can be used, such as lemma or part-of-speech  .
1	Antonyms often indicate the discourse relation of contrast  .
1	However, CHECK moves are almost always about some information which the speaker has been told \  -a description that models the backward looking functionality of a dialogue act.
1	Table 1 reports values for the Kappa   coefficient of agreement   for Forward and Backward Functions .6 The columns in the tables read as follows: if utterance Ui has tag X, do coders agree on the subtag?
1	There has of course been a large amount of work on the more general problem of word-sense disambiguation, e.g.,    .
1	The preprocessed training data was filtered for length and aligned using the GIZA++ implementation of IBM Model 4   in both directions and symmetrized using the grow-diag-final-and heuristic.
1	Approaches have been proposed recently towards getting better word alignment and thus better TTS templates, such as encoding syntactic structure information into the HMM-based word alignment model DeNero and Klein  , and build62 ing a syntax-based word alignment model May and Knight   with TTS templates.
2	The superior bonding effectiveness shown in vitro  .
1	3.2 ROUGE Version 1.5.5 of the ROUGE scoring algorithm   is also used for evaluating results.
0	With all but two formats IBI-IG achieves better FZ=l rates than the best published result in  .
1	For each candidate triple, the log-likelihood   and salience   scores were calculated.
2	urneys   work is perhaps one of the most notable examples of unsupervised polarity classification
1	For example, it has been observed that texts often contain multiple opinions on different topics  , which makes assignment of the overall sentiment to the whole document problematic.
1	As a result, the problem of opinion mining has seen increasing attention over the last three years from   and many others.
1	Here, we present experiments performed using two complex corpora, C1 and C2, extracted from the Penn Treebank  .
1	We set all feature weights by optimizing Bleu   directly using minimum error rate training     on the tuning part of the development set  .
1	Parse each sentence using a Treebank-trained parser  .
2	Lexicalized PCFGs use the structural features on the lexical head of phrasal node in a tree, and get significant improvements for parsing  .
1	1 Introduction Word Sense Disambiguation   competitions have focused on general domain texts, as attested in the last Senseval and Semeval competitions  .
1	1 Full Morphological Tagging English Part of Speech   tagging has been widely described in the recent past, starting with the   paper, followed by numerous others using various methods: neural networks  , HMM tagging  , decision trees  , transformation-based error-driven learning  , and maximum entropy  , to select just a few.
1	In  , as well as other similar works  , only left-toright search was employed.
2	3 The Perceptron The perceptron algorithm introduced into NLP by Collins  , is a simple but effective discriminative training method.
1	  provide four sets of annotation principles, one for non-coordinate configurations, one for coordinate configurations, one for traces   and a final catch all and clean up phase.
1	In a phrase-based statistical translation  , a bilingual text is decomposed as K phrase translation pairs  ,  ,: The input foreign sentence is segmented into phrases f K1, 122 mapped into corresponding English eK1, then, reordered to form the output English sentence according to a phrase alignment index mapping a. In a hierarchical phrase-based translation  , translation is modeled after a weighted synchronous-CFG consisting of production rules whose right-hand side is paired  : X  ,, where X is a non-terminal,  and  are strings of terminals and non-terminals.
1	5 Comparison with related work Preliminary work on SF extraction from coq~ora was done by   and  .
1	A large corpus is vahmble as a source of such nouns  .
2	This approach has been shown to be accurate, relatively efficient, and robust using both generative and discriminative models  .
0	In comparison, the 2D model in Figure 2  used in previous work   can only model the interaction between adjacent questions.
1	Above the phrase level, some models perform no reordering  , some have a simple distortion model that reorders phrases independently of their content  , and some, for example, the Alignment Template System  , hereafter ATS, and the IBM phrase-based system  , have phrase-reordering models that add some lexical sensitivity.
1	For better probability estimation, the model was extended to work with   word classes  .
1	Many statistical taggers and parsers have been trained on it, e.g. Ramshaw and Marcus  , Srinivas   and Alshawi and Carter  .
1	Consequently, semi-supervised learning, which combines both labeled and unlabeled data, has been applied to some NLP tasks such as word sense disambiguation  , classification  , clustering  , named entity classification  , and parsing  .
1	The data was segmented into baseNP parts and nonbaseNP parts in a similar fashion as the data used by  .
1	The main reason behind this lies in the difference between the two corpora used: Penn Treebank   and EDR corpus  .
1	Re-ordering effects across languages have been modeled in several ways, including word-based  , template-based   and syntax-based  .
1	This is exactly the standard lexicon probability a27a28a18a26a4 a20a12 a22 employed in the translation model described in   and in Section 2.
1	In this paper, we compare the performance of this system, HybridTrim, with the Topiary system and a number of other baseline gisting systems on a collection of news documents from the DUC 2004 corpus  .
1	The definitions of the phrase and lexical translation probabilities are as follows  .
1	To determine the tree head-word we used a set of rules similar to that described by    and also used by  , which we modified in the following way:  The head of a prepositional phrase   was substituted by a function the name of which corresponds to the preposition, and its sole argument corresponds to the head of the noun phrase NP.
2	Annealing  resembles the popular bootstrapping technique  , which starts out aiming for high precision, and gradually improves coverage over time.
1	Recently several latent variable models for constituent parsing have been proposed  .
1	We measure translation performance by the BLEU score   and Translation Error Rate     with one reference for each hypothesis.
1	  and Daume III    , so in this paper we focus on the less studied, but equally important problem of annotationstyle adaptation.
1	Wu   proposes Inversion Transduction Grammars, treating translation as a process of parallel parsing of the source and target language via a synchronized grammar.
1	  and Smith and Smith   show how to employ the matrix-tree theorem
2	The reciprocating single file systems such as Reciproc   and WaveOne   provides more flexibility of the M‐wire Ni‐Ti alloy, greater resistance to cyclic fatigue and better handling of narrow and curved canals than the traditional Ni‐Ti instruments and they are widely used in endodontic treatment.  These file systems use reciprocating movements in the preparation of root canals.
1	1 Introduction Och   introduced minimum error rate training   as an alternative training regime to the conditional likelihood objective previously used with log-linear translation models  .
2	Such methods have also been a key driver of progress in statistical machine translation, which depends heavily on unsupervised word alignments  .
2	By default, the log-likelihood ratio measure   is proposed, since it was shown to be particularly suited to language data  .
1	Parse selection constitutes an important part of many parsing systems  .
1	This contrasts with alternative alignment models such as those of Melamed   and Wu  , which impose a one-to-one constraint on alignments.
1	For natural language engineers, the problem bears on information management systems like abstractive summarizers that must measure semantic overlap between sentences  , question answering modules   and machine translation  .
1	here are two necessary ingredients to implement Ochs   training procedure
1	I have made a preliminary analysis of the inventory of syntactic categories used in the tagging for labelling trees in the 18 Penn Treebank  , comparing them to the categories used in CGEL.
1	Some works focused on learning rules from comparable corpora, containing comparable documents such as different news articles from the same date on the same topic  .
1	The corpus consists of sections 15-18 and section 20 of the Penn Treebank  , and is pre-divided into a 8936-sentence   training set and a 2012-sentence   test set.
1	For now, we consider it to be one where:  Every foreign word is aligned exactly once  .
2	In this regard, one promising technique that has been considered is to employ variable forgetting factor   mechanisms to adjust the forgetting factor automatically  .
2	Autogenous bone grafts are still the most effective bone substitutes and are therefore considered the gold standard  .
1	High correlation is reported between the BLEU score and human evaluations for translations from Arabic, Chinese, French, and Spanish to English  .
2	Third, for reachability query processing, we select seven state-of-the-art algorithms for comparison with our LORch algorithm, including GRAIL  .5 We test these reachability algorithms using both random and equal workloads, where each one contains 1,000,000 reachability queries.
1	Methods 4.1 Experiment 1: Held out data To examine the generalizability of classifiers trained on the automatically generated data, a C4.5 decision tree classifier   was trained and tested on the held out test set described above.
1	More recent papers Hindle  , Pereira and Tishby   proposed to cluster nouns on the basis of a metric derived from the distribution of subject, verb and object in the texts.
1	he line search is an extension of that described in (Och 2003; Quirk et al. 2005
1	The tagger from   first annotates sentences of raw text with a sequence of partof-speech tags.
1	Collocation Dictionary of Modern Chinese Lexical Words, Business Publisher, China Yuan Liu, et al. 1993.
2	Among the most widely studied is the Gibbs distribution  .
1	4.5 ITG Constraints Another type of reordering can be obtained using Inversion Transduction Grammars    .
1	Most work has looked to model non-local dependencies only within a document  .
1	Our work is most similar to work using discriminative log-linear models for alignment, which is similar to discriminative log-linear models used for the SMT decoding   problem  .
1	arowsky   has used a few seeds and untagged sentences in a bootstrapping algorithm based on decision lists
1	Past work has synchronously binarized such rules for efficiency  .
1	Examples of statistical and machine learning approaches that have been used for tagging include transformation based learning  , memory based learning  , and maximum entropy models  .
1	This strategy is commonly used in multi-document summarization  , where the combination step eliminates the redundancy across selected excerpts.
1	2.4 Formalization of   As mentioned earlier, our model is equivalent to that presented in  , and can be viewed as a formal version of his model.2 In his presentation, the adapation is done through feature augmentation.
2	1 Introduction Syntactically annotated corpora like the Penn Treebank  , the NeGra corpus   or the statistically dismnbiguated parses in   provide a wealth of intbrmation, which can only be exploited with an adequate query language.
1	Word-aligned corpora have been found to be an excellent source for translation-related knowledge, not only for phrase-based models  , but also for syntax-based models  ).
1	t is worth noting that we observed the same relation between subjectivity detection and polarity classification accuracy as described by Pang and Lee   and Eriksson  
1	Monte Carlo sampling methods and Variational Bayes are two kinds of approximate inference methods that have been applied to Bayesian inference of unsupervised HMM POS taggers  .
1	hen they adapted Brown et al.'s   statistical translation Model 2 to work with this model of cooccurrence
2	2 Previous Approaches Koehn, et al.?s   method of estimating phrasetranslation probabilities is very simple.
1	Two disjoint corpora are used in steps 2 and 5, both consisting of complete articles taken from the Wall Street Journal Treebank Corpus  .
2	(Note: We are aware of the method   which is another variant of 2D FCN and achieved excellent performance on the neuron dataset.
2	Some notable efforts in this direction for other languages have been the Penn Tree Bank   for English and the Prague Dependency Bank   for Czech.
1	For phrase-based translation model training, we used the GIZA++ toolkit  .
1	1 Introduction During the last decade, statistical machine translation   systems have evolved from the original word-based approach   into phrase-based translation systems  .
1	Letter successor variety   models   use the hypothesis that there is less certainty when predicting the next character at morpheme boundaries.
1	The weights for these models are determined using the method described in  .
1	urran   and Lin   use syntactic features in the vector definition
1	The intercoder reliability is a constant concern of everyone working with corpora to test linguistic hypotheses  , and the more so when one is coding for semanto-pragmatic interpretations, as in the case of the analysis of connectives.
1	Due to the positive results in Ando  , Blitzer et al.
2	1 Introduction The most widely used alignment model is IBM Model 4  .
1	The parser expresses distinctions that are especially important for a predicate-argument based deep syntactic representation, as far as they are expressed in the training data generated from the Penn Treebank  .
1	The thesaurus was produced using the metric described by Lin   with input from the grammatical relation data extracted using the 90 million words of written English from the British National Corpus     using the RASP parser  .
0	This additional conditioning has the effect of making the choice of generation rules sensitive to the history of the generation process, and, we argue, provides a simpler, more uniform, general, intuitive and natural probabilistic generation model obviating the need for CFG-grammar transforms in the original proposal of  .
1	5.1 The Prague Dependency Tree Bank  , which has been inspired by the build-up of the Penn Treebank  , is aimed at a complex annotation of   the Czech National Corpus  , the creation of which is under progress at the Department of Czech National Corpus at the Faculty of Philosophy, Charles University  .
2	When we run our classifiers on resource-tight environments such as cell-phones, we can use a random feature mixing technique   or a memory-efficient trie implementation based on a succinct data structure   to reduce required memory usage.
1	What, therefore, has to be explored are various similarity metrics, defining similarity in a concrete way and evaluate the results against human annotations  .
2	Some tasks can thrive on a nearly pure diet of unlabeled data  .
2	Strong evidence exists suggesting that impairment of astrogliosis improves axonal growth and improves functional outcomes following brain injury  .
1	The method thereby retains the full set of lexical entries of phrase-based systems  ).1  The model allows a straightforward integration of lexicalized syntactic language modelsfor example the models of  in addition to a surface language model.
1	However, the learning curve for Negra   indicates that the performance of the Collins   model is stable, even for small training sets.
1	Decoding is carried-out using the Moses decoder  .
1	hunks as a separate level have also been used in Collins   and Ratnaparkhi  
2	Overall, combined with the known QOL benefits of physical activity for other cancer survivor populations  , the current study results suggest that interventions that successfully promote lung cancer survivors’ engagement in physical activity may increase their QOL in several domains.
1	A constituent-based system using Collins parser  .
1	Rather than learning how strings in one language map to strings in another, however, translation now involves learning how systematic patterns of errors in ESL learners English map to corresponding patterns in native English 2.2 A Noisy Channel Model of ESL Errors If ESL error correction is seen as a translation task, the task can be treated as an SMT problem using the noisy channel model of  : here the L2 sentence produced by the learner can be regarded as having been corrupted by noise in the form of interference from his or her L1 model and incomplete language models internalized during language learning.
1	We were given around 15K sentences of labeled text from the Wall Street Journal     as well as 200K unlabeled sentences.
1	In fact, many studies that try to exploit Wikipedia as a knowledge source have recently emerged  .
1	We measured stability   and reproducibility  , using the Kappa coefficient K  , which controls agreement P  for chance agreement P : K = PA)-P  1-P  Kappa is 0 for if agreement is only as would be expected by chance annotation following the same distribution as the observed distribution, and 1 for perfect agreement.
1	  showed how to use the Voted Perceptron algorithm for learning W, and we use it for learning the global transliteration model.
1	For a full discussion of previous work, please see  , or see   for work relating to synonym resolution.
1	Our work expands on the general approach taken by   but arrives at insights similar to those of the most recent work  , albeit in a completely different manner.
2	Moreover, comparable results were obtained in an in vivo imaging study on mice, which was performed with the highly resolving U-SPECT  IBZM binding relative to baseline.
1	6 Related Work Other work combining supervised and unsupervised learning for parsing includes  ,  , and  .
1	2 Phrase-based SMT We use a phrase-based SMT system, Pharaoh,  , which is based on a log-linear formulation  .
0	1 Introduction Much of statistical NLP research relies on some sort of manually annotated corpora to train their models, but these resources are extremely expensive to build, especially at a large scale, for example in treebanking  .
2	For the IBM models defined by a pioneering paper  , a decoding algorithm based on a left-to-right search was described in  .
1	The Collins   model does not use context-free rules, but generates the next category using zeroth order Markov chains  , hence no information about the previous sisters is included.
1	1 Introduction Aligning parallel texts has recently received considerable attention  .
1	3.2 Results and Discussion The BLEU scores   for 10 direct translations and 4 sets of heuristic selections 4Admittedly, in typical instances of such chains, English would appear earlier.
1	1 Introduction Word compositions have long been a concern in lexicography , and now as a specific kind of lexical knowledge, it has been shown that they have an important role in many areas in natural language processing, e.g., parsing, generation, lexicon building, word sense disambiguation, and information retrieving, etc. .
2	An especially well-founded framework for doing this is maximum entropy  .
1	he use of structured prediction to SMT is also investigated by  
1	In their presentation of the factored SMT models, Koehn and Hoang   describe experiments for translating from English to German, Spanish and Czech, using morphology tags added on the morphologically rich side, along with POS tags.
1	1 Introduction Conditional Maximum Entropy models have been used for a variety of natural language tasks, including Language Modeling  , partof-speech tagging, prepositional phrase attachment, and parsing  , word selection for machine translation  , and finding sentence boundaries  .
0	Veale   used WordNet to answer 374 multiple-choice SAT analogy questions, achieving an accuracy of 43%, but the best corpus-based approach attains an accuracy of 56%  .
1	6.2 Translation Results For the translation experiments, we report the two accuracy measures BLEU   and NIST   as well as the two error rates word error rate   and positionindependent word error rate  .
1	In the BB.N model, as with Model 2 of  , modifying nonterminals are generated conditioning both on the parent P and its head child H. Unlike Model 2 of  , they are also generated conditioning on the previously generated modifying nonterminal, L/-1 or Pq-1, and there is no subcat frame or distance feature.
1	3 Experimental Results and Discussion We test our parsing models on the CONLL-2007   data set on various languages including Arabic, Basque, Catalan, Chinese, English, Italian, Hungarian, and Turkish.
1	We first added sister-head dependencies for NPs   original proposal) and then for PPs, which are flat in Negra, and thus similar in structure to NPs  .
1	We run the decoder with its default settings   and then use Koehn's implementation of minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights on the de2 The full name of HTRDP is National High Technology Research and Development Program of China, also named as 863 Program.
1	One of the applications is in automatic summarization in order to compress sentences extracted for the summary  .
1	We evaluate this method over the part of speech tagged portion of the Penn Treebank corpus  .
1	To make feature ranking computationally tractable in Della Pietra et al. 1995 and Berger et al. 1996 a simplified process proposed: at the feature ranking stage when adding a new feature to the model all previously computed parameters are kept fixed and, thus, we have to fit only one new constraint imposed by a candidate feature.
2	2.2 Maximum Entropy Models Maximum entropy   models  , also known as 928 log-linear and exponential learning models, provide a general purpose machine learning technique for classification and prediction which has been successfully applied to natural language processing including part of speech tagging, named entity recognition etc. Maximum entropy models can integrate features from many heterogeneous information sources for classification.
1	For a more detailed introduction to maximum entropy estimation see  .
1	it is relatively easy to train a translation system to translate from English to Chinese, except that weneed to train aChinese language model from the Chinese monolingual data.
1	 ), a binarizable segmentation/permutation can be recognized by a binarized Synchronous Context-Free Grammar  , i.e., an SCFG in which the right hand sides of all non-lexical rules constitute binarizable permutations.
1	Inspired by  s methodology which was originally designed for English and Penn-II treebank, our approach to Chinese non-local dependency recovery is based on Lexical-Functional Grammar  , a formalism that involves both phrase structure trees and predicate-argument structures.
1	But it makes obvious that   were tackling a problem different from   given the fact that their baseline was at 59% guessing noun attachment  .3 Of course, the baseline is not a direct indicator of the difficulty of the disambiguation task.
1	A Greek model was trained on 440,082 aligned sentences of Europarl v.3, tuned with Minimum Error Training  .
1	To compare the performance of different taggers learned by different mechanisms, one can measure the precision, recall and F-measure, given by precision = # correct predictions# predicted gene mentions recall = # correct predictions# true gene mentions F-measure = a96a15a14 precision a14 recallprecision a44 recall In our evaluation, we compared the proposed semi-supervised learning approach to the state of the art supervised CRF of McDonald and Pereira  , and also to self-training  , using the same feature set as  .
1	We show that link 1For a complete discussion of alignment symmetrization heuristics, including union, intersection, and refined, refer to  .
1	The first LR model for each language uses maximum entropy classification   to determine possible parser actions and their probabilities4.
0	Although this method is comparatively easy to be implemented, it just achieves the same performance as the synchronous binarization method   for syntaxbased SMT systems.
1	An analysis of the alignments shows that smoothing the fertility probabilities significantly reduces the frequently occurring problem of rare words forming garbage collectors in that they tend to align with too many words in the other language  .
1	irst as the configuration space we can use only the reference nodes   from the lattice which makes it similar to the method of Berger et al. 1996 described in section 2.1
1	Features For each frame element, features are extracted from the surface text of the sentence and from an automatically generated syntactic parse tree  .
2	Recent several years have witnessed the rapid development of system combination methods based on confusion networks  ), which show state-of-theart performance in MT benchmarks.
1	Most of the reported work on paraphrase generation from arbitrary input sentences uses machine learning techniques trained on sentences that are known or can be inferred to be paraphrases of each other  .
1	The model is defined mathematically   as following: p  = 1Zexp nsummationdisplay i=1 ihi    where i is a vector of weights determined during a tuning process, and hi is the feature function.
1	Translation qualities are measured by uncased BLEU   with 4 reference translations, sysids: ahb, ahc, ahd, ahe.
2	2 Previous Work So far, Structural Correspondence Learning has been applied successfully to PoS tagging and Sentiment Analysis  .
2	China’s role in Apple’s global supply chain   have received a great deal of attention.
1	Head word   of the constituent  After POS tagging, a syntactic parser   was then used to obtain the parse tree for the sentence.
1	  and Lee  ) can be generally divided into three types: discounting  , class-based smoothing  , and distance-weighted averaging  .
1	The class-based kappa statistic of   cannot be applied here, as the classes vary depending on the number of ambiguities per entry in the lexicon.
1	85 Recently some alignment evaluation metrics have been proposed which are more informative when the alignments are used to extract translation units  .
2	Results using the method show an improvement from 25.2% Bleu score to 26.8% Bleu score  , using a phrase-based system   which has been shown in the past to be a highly competitive SMT system.
1	 ), in which translation and language models are trainable separately too.
1	2 Problem Setting In the multi-class setting, instances from an input spaceX take labels from a finite setY,|Y| = K. 496 We use a standard approach   for generalizing binary classification and assume a feature function f  Rd mapping instances xX and labels yY into a common space.
1	Its applications range from sentence boundary disambiguation   to part-of-speech tagging  , parsing   and machine translation  .
2	The classification is performed with a statistical approach, built around the maximum entropy   principle  , that has the advantage of combining arbitrary types of information in making a classification decision.
0	Secondly, while most pronoun resolution evaluations simply exclude non-referential pronouns, recent unsupervised approaches   must deal with all pronouns in unrestricted text, and therefore need robust modules to automatically handle non-referential instances.
1	Alternatively, one can train them with respect to the final translation quality measured by an error criterion  .
1	Table 3 compares precision, recall, and F scores for our system with CoNLL-2001 results training on sections 15-18 of the Penn Treebank and testing on section 21  .
1	2.2 Evaluation of Acquisition Algorithms Many methods for automatic acquisition of rules have been suggested in recent years, ranging from distributional similarity to finding shared contexts  .
1	Our aim is not only to determine the utility of citation texts for survey creation, but also to examine the quality distinctions between this form of input and others such as abstracts and full textscomparing the results to human-generated surveys using both automatic and nugget-based pyramid evaluation  .
1	In our experiments using BLEU   as the metric, the interpolated synthetic model achieves a relative improvement of 11.7% over the best RBMT system that is used to produce the synthetic bilingual corpora.
2	The IBM models have shown good performance in machine translation, and especially so within certain families of languages, for example in translating between French and English or between Sinhalese and Tamil  .
1	 , in which we translate a source-language sentence f into the target-language sentence e that maximizes a linear combination of features and weights:1 e,a = argmax e,a score    = argmax e,a Msummationdisplay m=1 mhm    where a represents the segmentation of e and f into phrases and a correspondence between phrases, and each hm is a R-valued feature with learned weight m. The translation is typically found using beam search  .
1	2 Previous Work Other researchers have investigated the topic of automatic generation of abstracts, but the focus has been different, e.g., sentence extraction  , processing of structured templates  , sentence compression  , and generation of abstracts from multiple sources  .
1	Our work differs from these previous approaches in that we explicitly model a prior over grammars within a Bayesian framework.4 Models of grammar refinement   also aim to automatically learn latent structure underlying treebanked data.
2	The Inversion Transduction Grammar or ITG formalism, described in  , is well suited for our purposes.
2	To reflect the social characteristics of users, we adopt the Indian Buffet Model proposed in  , the author has already proved the model perfectly fits the real data in the simulation.
1	Unlike stochastic approaches to part-of-speech tagging  , up to now the knowledge found in finite-state taggers has been handcrafted and was not automatically acquired.
1	Several non-linear objective functions, such as F-score for text classification  , and BLEU-score and some other evaluation measures for statistical machine translation  , have been introduced with reference to the framework of MCE criterion training.
2	This well-established rhythm of swimming on ebb tides is the basis for the spawning migration  , in which ovigerous female blue crabs migrate seaward from estuaries to coastal areas where larvae are released.
2	Such a method alleviates the problem of creating templates from examples which would be used in an ulterior phase of generation  .
2	Head-lexicalized stochastic grammars have recently become increasingly popular  .
1	This leads to 49 methods that use semi-supervised techniques on a treebank-infered grammar backbone, such as  .
1	The transcription probabilities can then be easily learnt from the alignments induced by GIZA++, using a scoring function  .
1	SGD was recently used for NLP tasks including machine translation   and syntactic parsing  .
1	We use the default configuration of the measure in WordNet::Similarity-0.12 package  , and, with a single exception, the measure performed below Gic; see BP in table 1.
1	while most current stochastic parsing models use a ""markov grammar""  .
2	1 Introduction Large scale annotated corpora, e.g., the Penn TreeBank   project  , have played an important role in text-mining.
1	In the sequel, we use Collinss statistical parser   as our canonical automated approximation of the Treebank.
1	  show that exploiting all contiguous word blocks in phrase-based alignment is better than focusing on syntactic constituents only.
1	Although bi-alignments are known to exhibit high precision  , in the face of sparse annotations we use unidirectional alignments as a fallback, as has been proposed in the context of phrase-based machine translation  .
0	Statistical disambiguation such as   for PP-attachment or   for generative parsing greatly improve disambiguation, but as they model by imitation instead of by understanding, complete soundness has to remain elusive.
2	Discriminative models do not only have theoretical advantages over generative models, as we discuss in Section 2, but they are also shown to be empirically favorable over generative models when features and objective functions are fixed  .
1	The observation probabilities for a given state, representing a certain word class, are determined by the relative frequencies of words belonging to that class  ); the probabilities of other words are set to a small initial value.
2	5.3 Comparison with System Combination We re-implemented a state-of-the-art system combination method  .
1	SR thus adopts the method proposed by Och  
1	he SENSEVAL '~tan    and Schiitze    
1	1 Introduction The overall goal of the Penn Discourse Treebank   is to annotate the million word WSJ corpus in the Penn TreeBank   with a layer of discourse annotations.
1	In comparison, most corpus-based algorithms employ substantially larger corpora  , 2.5 million words  , 6 million words  , 13 million words  ).
1	In our experiments we use a grammar with a start symbol S, a single preterminal C, and two nonterminals A and B used to ensure that only one parse can generate any given word-level alignment    .
1	However, they use the   data set in a different training-test division   which makes it (tifficult to compare their results with others.
2	The steps of octasaccharide synthesis and modification are well-defined genetically  .
0	These methods go beyond the original IBM machine translation models  , by allowing multi-word units   in one language to be translated directly into phrases in another language.
1	6 Related work Evidence from the surrounding context has been used previously to determine if the current sentence should be subjective/objective   and adjacency pair information has been used to predict congressional votes  .
1	Many 649 similarity measures and weighting functions have been proposed for distributional vectors; comparative studies include Lee  , Curran   and Weeds and Weir  .
1	The idea of topic signature terms was introduced by Lin and Hovy   in the context of single document summarization, and was later used in several multi-document summarization systems  .
0	1 Introduction Deep and accurate text analysis based on discriminative models is not yet efficient enough as a component of real-time applications, and it is inadequate to process Web-scale corpora for knowledge acquisition   or semi-supervised learning  .
1	We use MER   to tune the decoders parameters using a development data set.
2	The current state-of-the-art is to use minimum error rate training   as described in  .
1	he solution we employ here is the discriminative training procedure of Och  
1	It is dubious whether SWD is useful regarding recall-oriented metrics like METEOR  , since SWD removes information in source sentences.
1	For example,   only requires sense number and a few seeds for each sense of an ambiguous word  .
1	2A maximum-entropy-based part of speech tagger was used   without the adaptation to the biomedical domain.
1	is the previous BIO tag, S is the target sentence, and fj and lj are feature functions and parameters of a log-linear model  .
1	The NIST MT03 test set is used for development, particularly for optimizing the interpolation weights using Minimum Error Rate training  .
1	The words with the highest association probabilities are chosen as acquired words for entity e. 4.1 Base Model I Using the translation model I  , where each word is equally likely to be aligned with each entity, we have p  = 1 m mproductdisplay j=1 lsummationdisplay i=0 p    where l and m are the lengths of entity and word sequences respectively.
1	The topic signatures are automatically generated for each specific term by computing the likelihood ratio   between two hypotheses  .
1	First, hierarchical word clusters are derived from unlabeled data using the Brown et al. clustering algorithm  .
2	Recently, Ponzetto and Strube   suggest to mine semantic relatedness from Wikipedia, which can deal with the data sparseness problem suffered by using WordNet.
1	We trained a Chinese Treebank-style tokenizer and partof-speech tagger, both using a tagging model based on a perceptron learning algorithm  .
1	6 Related Work As suggested in  , an alternative method for the optimization of the unsmoothed error count is Powells algorithm combined with a grid-based line optimization  .
2	1 Introduction The best performing systems for many tasks in natural language processing are based on supervised training on annotated corpora such as the Penn Treebank   and the prepositional phrase data set first described in  .
2	Thus, as a powerful sequence tagging model, CRF became the dominant method in the Bakeoff 2006  .
1	In this paper we use the phrase-based system of   as our underlying model.
1	In the following, ROUGE-SN denotes ROUGE-S with maximum skip distance N. ROUGE-SU   This measure is an extension of ROUGE-S; it adds a unigram as a counting unit.
1	Most of the work focused on seeking better word alignment for consensus-based confusion network decoding   or word-level system combination  .
1	4.1 The base line For our base line parse accuracy, we used the now standard division of the WSJ   with sections 2 through 21 for training (approx.
2	Clearly a more sophisticated feature selection routine such as the ones in  , or   would be required in this case.
1	Mihalcea   demonstrates that manual mappings can be created for a small number of words with relative ease, but for a very large number of words the e ort involved in mapping would approach presented involves no be considerable.
1	Co-occurrence statistics is collected from either bilingual parallel and 334 non-parallel corpora  , or monolingual corpora  .
1	However, based on annotation differences in the datasets   and a bug in their system  , their results are inconclusive.1 Thus, the effectiveness of SCL is rather unexplored for parsing.
1	There have been considerable amount of efforts to improve the reordering model in SMT systems, ranging from the fundamental distance-based distortion model  , flat reordering model  , to lexicalized reordering model  , hierarchical phrase-based model  , and maximum entropy-based phrase reordering model  .
1	Translation quality is reported using case-insensitive BLEU  .
1	These IBM models and more recent refinements   as well as algorithms that bootstrap from these models like the HMM algorithm described in   are unsupervised algorithms.
1	Giza++ is a freely available implementation of IBM Models 1-5   and the HMM alignment  , along with various improvements and modifications motivated by experimentation by Och & Ney  .
1	In our research, 23 scores, namely BLEU   with maximum n-gram lengths of 1, 2, 3, and 4, NIST   with maximum n-gram lengths of 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, GTM   with exponents of 1.0, 2.0, and 3.0, METEOR    , WER  , PER  , and ROUGE   with n-gram lengths of 1, 2, 3, and 4 and 4 variants  , were used to calculate each similarity S i . Therefore, the value of m in Eq.
2	Among these, nanocarbons are now considered the most promising fillers for the development of high performance materials  .
1	One possible strategy is to exploit a widecoverage realizer that aims for applicability in multiple application domains  .
0	Since many concepts are expressed by idiomatic multiword expressions instead of single words, and different languages may realize the same concept using different numbers of words  , word alignment based methods, which are highly dependent on the probability information at the lexical level, are not well suited for this type of translation.
1	2.2 STT: A Statistical Tree-based Tagger The aim of statistical or probabilistic tagging   is to assign the most likely sequence of tags given the observed sequence of words.
1	The results we obtained on the CoNLL03 test set were consistent with what was reported in  .
1	Similarly to  , the tree-to-string alignment templates discussed in this paper are actually transformation rules.
1	Lexical relationships under the standard IBM models   do not account for many-to-many mappings, and phrase extraction relies heavily on the accuracy of the IBM word-toword alignment.
1	Bilingual alignments have so far shown that they can play multiple roles in a wide range of linguistic applications, such as computer assisted translation  , terminology   lexicography  , and cross-language information retrieval  , via the Agence de la francophonie (http://~.
1	The feature weights are learned by maximizing the BLEU score   on held-out data,usingminimum-error-ratetraining  as implemented by Koehn.
1	This is contrastive to the one dimensional models used by Collinss perceptronbased sequence method   which our algorithms are based upon, and by the linear-chain CRFs.
1	While close attention has been paid to multi-document summarization technologies  , the inherent properties of humanwritten multi-document summaries have not yet been quantified.
1	We apply a maximum entropy   model   to this task.
2	4 Conclusions Compared with other word alignment algorithms  , word_align does not require sentence alignment as input, and was shown to produce useful alignments for small and noisy corpora.
1	In   a set of transformational rules is used for modifying the classification of words.
1	  and Jansche  , who discuss maximum expected F-score training of decision trees and logistic regression models.
1	Both systems are built around from the maximum-entropy technique  .
1	A few researchers have focused on other aspects of summarization, including single sentence  , paragraph or short document  , query-focused  , or speech  .
1	For detailed descriptions of SMT models see for example  .
1	The differences between a k-best and a beam-search parser   make a running time difference unsur17 Our score of 85.8 average labeled precision and recall for sentences less than or equal to 100 on Section 23 compares to: 86.7 in Charniak  , 86.9 in Ratnaparkhi  , 88.2 in Collins  , 89.6 in Charniak  , and 89.75 in Collins  .
0	Automatic evaluation methods such as BLEU  , RED  , or the weighted N-gram model proposed here may be more consistent in judging quality as compared to human evaluators, but human judgments remain the only criteria for metaevaluating the automatic methods.
1	In   the WSJ PennTreebank corpus   is analyzed and a very detailed list of syntactic patterns that correspond to different roles of commas is created.
1	a1 Graduated in March 2006 Standard phrase-based translation systems use a word distance-based reordering model in which non-monotonic phrase alignment is penalized based on the word distance between successively translated source phrases without considering the orientation of the phrase alignment or the identities of the source and target phrases  .
1	3.2 ITG Constraints In this section, we describe the ITG constraints  .
2	A few widely-used peak callers include MACS  .
2	2.3 Classifier Training We chose maximum entropy   as our primary classifier, since it had been successfully applied by the highest performing systems in both the SemEval-2007 preposition sense disambiguation task   and the general word sense disambiguation task  .
2	Two metrics have become quite popular in multi-document summarization, namely the Pyramid method   and ROUGE  .
1	I Various models have been constructed by the IBM team  .
1	Given that semantically similar words can be identified automatically on the basis of distributional properties and linguistic cues  , identifying the semantic orientation of words would allow a system to further refine the retrieved semantic similarity relationships, extracting antonyms.
1	Some studies exploit topically related articles derived from multiple news sources  .
1	Yarowsky   proposed an unsupervised method that used heuristics to obtain seed classifications and expanded the results to the other parts of the corpus, thus avoided the need to hand-annotate any examples.
1	A later study   found that performance increased to 87.2% when considering only those portions of the text deemed to be subjective.
1	cDonald and Nivre   showed that the MSTParser and MaltParser produce different errors
1	  BLEU-4   is used as the evaluation metric.
2	The best result known to us is achieved by Toutanova .
1	ecent advances in parsing technology are due to the explicit stochastic modeling of dependency information  
2	Ramshaw and Marcus   successflflly applied Eric Brill's transformation-based learning method to the chunking problem.
1	he noun phrase extraction module uses Brill's POS tagger  
2	Annotated reference corpora, such as the Brown Corpus  , the Penn Treebank  , and the BNC  , have helped both the development of English computational linguistics tools and English corpus linguistics.
1	The group of collocations and compounds should be delimited using statistical approaches, such as Xtract   or LocalMax  , so that only the most relevantthose of higher frequency are included in the database.
1	Treebank  , six of which are errors.
1	We extracted tagged sentences from the parse trees.5 We split the data into training, development, and test sets as in  .
1	1 Introduction Supervised statistical parsers attempt to capture patterns of syntactic structure from a labeled set of examples for the purpose of annotating new sentences with their structure  .
1	orest reranking with a language model can be performed over this n-ary forest using the cube growing algorithm of Huang and Chiang  
1	The user can select characters by their frequencies  , the top or bottom N%  , their ranks   and by their frequencies above two standard deviations phlS the mean    .
1	2 Statistical Word Alignment According to the IBM models  , the statistical word alignment model can be generally represented as in Equation  .
2	014 roviding important information for surgical management nd postoperative outcomes for patients with ERM.  pectral-domain OCT   is a new technology that has een demonstrated recently.
2	Bayesian approaches can also improve performance  .
1	This framework is 211 commonly used in generation and summarization applications where the selection process is driven by multiple constraints  .
2	Among them one of the most widely used is the residual network    , which uses short cut to alleviate training difficulties of very deep networks.
1	A variety of unsupervised WSD methods, which use a machinereadable dictionary or thesaurus in addition to a corpus, have also been proposed  .
1	Such methods stand in sharp contrast to partially supervised techniques that have recently been proposed to induce hidden grammatical representations that are finer-grained than those that can be read off the parsed sentences in treebanks  .
1	Some researchers then tried to automatically extract paraphrase rules  , which facilitates the rule-based PG methods.
1	gain we used Mohammad and Hirsts   method along with Lins   distributional measure to determine the distributional closeness of two thesaurus concepts
1	3 Related Work Many methods have been developed for automatically identifying subjective   words, e.g.,  .
0	Furthermore, the Obwegeser-Dal Pont method delayed the recovery period of hypoesthesia of the lower lip and was associated with a higher incidence of lower lip hypoesthesia than the Obwegeser method  .
1	A major difference between our approach and most other models tested on the WSJ is that the DOP model uses frontier lexicalization while most other models use constituent lexicalization  .
2	Global information is known to be useful in other NLP tasks, especially in the named entity recognition task, and several studies successfully used global features  .
1	e have begun experimenting with log likelihood ratio   as a thresholding technique
1	We augment each labeled target instance xj with the label assigned by the source domain classifier  .
1	Due to space we do not describe step 8 in detail  ).
1	We estimated the probabilities P  and P  similarly to Resnik   by using relative frequencies from the BNC, together with WordNet   as a source of taxonomic semantic class information.
1	Later taggers have managed to improve Brills figures a little bit, to just above 97% on the Wall Street Journal corpus using Hidden Markov Models, HMM and Conditional Random Fields, CRF; e.g., Collins   and Toutanova et al.
1	Following Collins and Roark   we also use the early-update strategy, where an update happens whenever the goldstandard action-sequence falls off the beam, with the rest of the sequence neglected.
1	.1 Global linear models We follow the framework outlined in Collins  
1	Under a phrase based translation model  , this distinction is important and will be discussed in more detail.
2	Similar models have been successfully applied in the past to other tasks including parsing  , chunking  , and machine translation  .
1	In an attempt to provide a quantitative evaluation of our results, for each of the 12 ambiguous words shown in table 1 we manually assigned the top 30 first-order associations to one of the two senses provided by Yarowsky  .
2	1 Introduction The emergence of phrase-based statistical machine translation     has been one of the major developments in statistical approaches to translation.
1	2 Related Work There has been extensive research in opinion mining at the document level, for example on product and movie reviews  .
1	There are several distance measures suitable for this purpose, such as the mutual information , the dice coefficient , the phi coefficient , the cosine measure  and the confidence .
1	Parse Parse score from Model 2 of the statistical parser  , normalized by the number of words.
2	of the most important is Lins  
1	Beam-search parsing using an unnormalized discriminative model, as in Collins and Roark  , requires a slightly different search strategy than the original generative model described in Roark  .
1	Comparatively,   propose to use the N-gram Overlap metric to capture similarities between sentences and automatically create paraphrase corpora.
1	Proceedings of the 40th Annual Meeting of the Association for cently, semantic resources have also been used in collocation discovery  , smoothing and model estimation   and text classi cation  .
1	It has been used for diverse problems such as machine translation and sense disambiguation \ .
1	By introducing the hidden word alignment variable a   , the optimal translation can be searched for based on the following criterion: * 1 , arg max ) M mm m ea eh = = efa               where  is a string of phrases in the target language, e f  fa    is the source language string of phrases,  he  are feature functions, weights   m m  are typically optimized to maximize the scoring function  .
1	In contrast, globally optimized clustering decisions were reported in   and  , where all clustering possibilities are considered by searching on a Bell tree representation or by using the Learning as Search Optimization   framework   respectively, but the first search is partial and driven by heuristics and the second one only looks back in text.
1	A similar observation was made in  .
2	This scoring function has been successfully applied to resolve ambiguity problems in an English-to-Chinese machine translation system     and a spoken language processing system  .
2	Collins and Roark   saw a LFMS improvement of 0.8% over their baseline discriminative parser after adding punctuation features, one of which encoded the sentence-final punctuation.
1	In other words,   can be used in substitution of  , whereas   cannot, so easily 41n  , a value of K between .8 and I indicates good agreement; a value between .6 and .8 indicates some agreement.
1	Word association norms, mutual information, and lexicography, Computational Linguistics, 16 : 22-29 Marcus, M. et al. 1993.
2	MP measurements were obtained with a modified confocal scanning laser ophthalmoscope     using autofluorescence images obtained at two excitation-wavelength based on the pioneering work of Delori et al.
1	We adopted IOB   labeling  , where the rst word of an entity of class C is labeled B-C, the words in the entity are labeled I-C, and other words are labeled O.
1	2 Related Work Automatic Paraphrasing and Entailment Our work is closely related to research in automatic paraphrasing, in particular, to sentence level paraphrasing  .
2	More recent work has achieved state-of-the-art results with Maxi101 mum entropy conditional Markov models    .
1	Context extraction begins with a Maximum Entropy POS tagger and chunker  .
1	The translations are evaluated in terms of BLEU score  .
2	Force feedback   has been shown to increase the usability and to decrease the cognitive workload during the surgery, as reflected in faster learning curves  .
1	his therefore suggests that better parameters are likely to be learned in the 2Haghighi and Kleins   generative coreference model mirrors this in the posterior distribution which it assigns to mention types given their salience  
1	The tagger is a Hidden Markov Model trained with the perceptron algorithm introduced in  , which applies Viterbi decoding and is regularized using averaging.
2	Since its introduction to the Natural Language Processing   community  , ME-based classifiers have been shown to be effective in various NLP tasks.
0	While there has been ground-breaking progress in determining the structures of several members of the pLGIC family, from both prokaryotic and eukaryotic origin, an unequivocal assignment of functional states to these conformations has not been achieved  .
1	However,   show that, in phrase-based translation, improvements in AER or f-measure do not necessarily correlate with improvements in BLEU score.
1	The approach is able to achieve 94% precision and recall for base NPs derived from the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal  .
1	Probabilistic generative models like IBM 1-5  , HMM  , ITG  , and LEAF   define formulas for P  or P , with ok-voon ororok sprok at-voon bichat dat erok sprok izok hihok ghirok totat dat arrat vat hilat ok-drubel ok-voon anok plok sprok at-drubel at-voon pippat rrat dat ok-voon anok drok brok jok at-voon krat pippat sat lat wiwok farok izok stok totat jjat quat cat lalok sprok izok jok stok wat dat krat quat cat lalok farok ororok lalok sprok izok enemok wat jjat bichat wat dat vat eneat lalok brok anok plok nok iat lat pippat rrat nnat wiwok nok izok kantok ok-yurp totat nnat quat oloat at-yurp lalok mok nok yorok ghirok clok wat nnat gat mat bat hilat lalok nok crrrok hihok yorok zanzanok wat nnat arrat mat zanzanat lalok rarok nok izok hihok mok wat nnat forat arrat vat gat Figure 1: Word alignment exercise  .
1	Similarity measures can be based on any level of linguistic analysis: semantic similarity relies on context vectors , whilesyntacticsimilarityisbased on the alignment of parallel corpora  .
1	In Yarowsky's experiment  , an average of 3936 examples were used to disambiguate between two senses.
1	The system used for baseline experiments is two runs of IBM Model 4   in the GIZA++   implementation, which includes smoothing extensions to Model 4.
1	Like the data used by Ramshaw and Marcus  , this data was retagged by the Brill tagger in order to obtain realistic part-of speech   tags 5.
1	he outcomes of CW resemble those of MinCut  : Dense regions in the graph are grouped into one cluster while sparsely connected regions are separated
2	Following initial work by   and  , an early, online distributional thesaurus presented in   has been widely used and cited, and numerous authors since have explored thesaurus properties and parameters: see survey component of  .
1	When an S alignment exists, there will always also exist a P alignment such that P a65 S. The English sentences were parsed using a state-of-the-art statistical parser   trained on the University of Pennsylvania Treebank  .
1	3.2.2 Features We used eight features   and their weights for the translations.
1	415-458, Wu, Dekai   Stochastic inversion transduction grammars and bilingual parsing of parallel corpora.
1	ne example of the 450 latter problem is the following: in   the nature of a syntactic link between two associated words is detected a posteriori
1	istory-based models for predicting the next parser action   3
1	Suhm and Waibel   and Eckert, Gallwitz, and Niemann   each condition a recognizer LM on left-to-right DA predictions and are able to 366 Stolcke et al. Dialogue Act Modeling show reductions in word error rate of 1% on task-oriented corpora.
1	2 Motivation Automatic subjectivity analysis methods have been used in a wide variety of text processing applications, such as tracking sentiment timelines in online forums and news  , review classification  , mining opinions from product reviews  , automatic expressive text-to-speech synthesis  , text semantic analysis  , and question answering  .
1	Ramshaw and Marcus   first assigned a chunk tag to each word in the sentence: I for inside a chunk, O for outside a chunk, and 240 type precision B tbr inside a chunk, but tile preceding word is in another chunk.
1	6 Concluding remarks Our work presents a set of improvements on previous state of the art of Grammar Association: first, by providing better language models to the original system described in  ; second, by setting the technique into a rigorous statistical framework, clarifying which kind of probabilities have to be estimated by association models; third, by developing a novel and especially adequate association model: Loco C. On the other hand, though experimental results are quite good, we find them particularly relevant for pointing out directions to follow for further improvement of the Grammar Association technique.
1	We have also used ROUGE evaluation approach   which is based on n-gram co-occurrences between machine summaries and ideal human summaries.
2	Local feature descriptors   have been extensively studied, especially since the seminal works by Schmid and Mohr   and Lowe  .
1	The results of these studies have important applications in lexicography, to detect lexicosyntactic regularities  , such as, for example~ support verbs   prepositional verbs   idioms, semantic relations   and fixed expressions  .
1	arowsky   used both supervised and unsupervised WSD for correct phonetizitation of words in speech synthesis
1	Models of this type include:  , which use semantic word clustering, and  , which uses variablelength context.
1	5 Related Work Although there have been many studies on collocation extraction and mining using only statistical approaches  , there has been much less work on collocation acquisition which takes into account the linguistic properties typically associated with collocations.
1	1 Introduction In a classical statistical machine translation, a foreign language sentence f J1 = f1, f2, fJ is translated into another language, i.e. English, eI1 = e1, e2,, eI by seeking a maximum likely solution of: eI1 = argmax eI1 Pr    = argmax eI1 Pr Pr    The source channel approach in Equation 2 independently decomposes translation knowledge into a translation model and a language model, respectively  .
1	Our use of Gibbs sampling follows from its increasing use in Bayesian inference problems in NLP  .
1	At this point, one can imagine estimating a linear matching model in multiple ways, including using conditional likelihood estimation, an averaged perceptron update  ), or in large-margin fashion.
1	.1 Linear Models for NLP We follow the framework outlined in Collins  
1	This approach will generally take advantage of language-specific  ) and domain-specific knowledge, of any external resources  , and of any information about the entities to process, e.g. their type  , or internal structure  ).
1	4 Method-2: Simple Chunk-based Extraction To overcome the shortcomings of the Brill tagger in identifying particles, we next look to full chunk 2Note, this is the same as the maximum span length of 5 used by Smadja  , and above the maximum attested NP length of 3 from our corpus study  .
1	In addition to their use in machine translation  , translation models can be applied to machineassisted translation  , cross-lingual information retrieval  , and gisting of World Wide Web pages  .
1	2Note that sentence extraction does not solve the problem of selecting and ordering summary sentences to form a coherent There are several approaches to modeling document content: simple word frequency-based methods  , graph-based approaches  , as well as more linguistically motivated techniques  .
1	A similar approach was taken in   where an unknown word was guessed given the probabilities for an unknown word to be of a particular POS, its capitalisation feature and its ending.
0	Jing and McKeown   have proposed a rule-based algorithm for sentence combination, but no results have been reported.
1	For our POS tagging experiments, we use 561 MEDLINE sentences   from the Penn BioIE project  , a test set previously used by Blitzer et al. .
1	he benefits of using grammatical information for automatic WSD were first explored by Yarowsky   and Resnik   in unsupervised approaches to disambiguating single words in context
1	4.2 Smoothing: Gaussian Priors Since NLP maximum entropy models usually have lots of features and lots of sparseness  , smoothing is essential as a way to optimize the feature weights  .
1	For the log-linear model training, we take minimum-error-rate training method as described in  .
1	4.2 Interpreting reliability results It has been argued elsewhere   that since the amount of agreement one would expect by chance depends on the number and relative frequencies of the categories under test, reliability for category classifications should be measured using the kappa coefficient.
1	4 Pattern switching The compositional translation presents problems which have been reported by  : Fertility SWTs and MWTs are not translated by a term of a same length.
2	In terms of applying non-parametric Bayesian approaches to NLP, Haghighi and Klein   evaluated the clustering properties of DPMMs by performing anaphora resolution with good results.
1	3 Evaluation We trained our model parameters on a subset of the provided dev2006 development set, optimizing for case-insensitive IBM-style BLEU   with several iterations of minimum error rate training on n-best lists.
1	3.1 A Note on State-Splits Recent studies   suggest that category-splits help in enhancing the performance of treebank grammars, and a previous study on MH   outlines specific POS-tags splits that improve MH parsing accuracy.
1	In fact, in   it was shown that this neural network can be viewed as a coarse approximation to the corresponding ISBN model.
1	The first SMT systems were developed in the early nineties  .
2	In the statistical NLP community, the most widely used grammatical resource is the Penn Treebank  .
1	Here, it might be useful to relax the strict linear control regime by exploring beam search strategies, e.g. along the lines of Collins and Roark  .
2	Recently, sentiment classification has become popular because of its wide applications  .
1	It is a natural extension of the Viteri>i algorithm for those languages that do not have delimiters between words, and it can generate N-best morphological analysis hypotheses, like tree trellis search.
1	We can stipulate the time line to be linearly ordered   nor in approaches using branching futures  ), and we can stipulate it to be dense  .
1	  built 5-gram LMs over web using distributed cluster of machines and queried them via network requests.
2	Demonstration of intrathecal immunoglobulin and antibody synthesis are powerful tools for diagnosis of neurological disorders, as has been shown for multiple sclerosis and several infectious diseases of the CNS  .
1	3.2 Mapping Mapping the identified units   to their equivalents in the other language was achieved by training a new translation model   using the EM algorithm as described in  .
1	Firstly, rather than induce millions of xRS rules from parallel data, we extract phrase pairs in the standard way   and associate with each phrase-pair a set of target language syntactic structures based on supertag sequences.
2	By sharing common infixes of target patterns  , the memory usage in the match vectors could be efficient.
1	We then ranked the collected query pairs using loglikelihoodratio  , whichmeasures the dependence between q1 and q2 within the context of web queries  .
1	A re nement of this model is the class-based n-gram where the words are partitioned into equivalence classes  .
1	Alternatively we could have simply incorporated the DIVERSITY measure into the objective function or used an inference algorithm that specifically accounts for redundancy, e.g., maximal marginal relevance  .
1	5.1 Relationship to ""supervised"" training To illustrate the relationship between the above symbolic training method for preference scoring and corpus-based methods, perhaps the easiest way is to compare it to an adaptation   of the perceptron training method to the problem of obtaining a best parse  , because the two methods are analogous in a number of ways.
2	For instance, Kazama and Torisawa   used the hyponymy relations extracted from Wikipedia for the English NER, and reported improved accuracies with such a gazetteer.
1	Let w be a target word and Nw = fn1,n2nkg be the ordered set of the top scoring k neighbours of w from the thesaurus with associated distributional similarity scores fdss ,dss ,dss g using  .
2	Low-tube-voltage techniques have been investigated for coronary  , and similar image quality compared to standard-tube-voltage acquisition with reduced radiation dose and contrast media requirements has been reported.
1	Some of these methods make use of prior knowledge in the form of an existing thesaurus  , while others do not rely on any prior knowledge  .
1	Another consequence of not generating posthead conjunctions and punctuation as first-class words is that they 19 In fact, if punctuation occurs before the head, it is not generated at alla deficiency in the parsing model that appears to be a holdover from the deficient punctuation handling in the model of Collins  .
1	These rules can be learned from a parallel corpus using English parsetrees, Chinese strings, and word alignment  .
2	Other works based on this scheme like   have shown promising results.
1	Almost all of the work in the area of automatically trained taggers has explored Markov-model based part of speech tagging \ .
1	The traditional estimation method for word 98 alignment models is the EM algorithm   which iteratively updates parameters to maximize the likelihood of the data.
2	Adding resistance exercise, however, appears more useful than moderate aerobic exercise alone in protecting diet-induced losses in LBM  .
1	6 Conclusions In this paper, we showed that it is sometimes possible indeed, preferableto eliminate the initial bit of supervision in bootstrapping algorithms such as the Yarowsky   algorithm for word sense disambiguation.
2	Weusemaximumentropy models  , which are particularly well-suited for tasks   with many overlapping features, to harness these linguistic insights by using features in our models which encode, directly or indirectly, the linguistic correlates to SE types.
1	Given a set of evidences E over all the relevant word pairs, in  , the probabilistic taxonomy learning task is defined as the problem of finding the taxonomy hatwideT that maximizes the 67 probability of having the evidences E, i.e.: hatwideT = arg max T P  In  , this maximization problem is solved with a local search.
1	One of the main directions is sentiment classification, which classifies the whole opinion document   as positive or negative  .
1	When we run a phrase-based system, Pharaoh  , on this sentence  , we get the following phrases with translations:     [dipl.
1	2 Related Work The Yarowsky algorithm  , originally proposed for word sense disambiguation, makes the assumption that it is very unlikely for two occurrences of a word in the same discourse to have different senses.
2	1 Introduction In recent years, Bracketing Transduction Grammar   proposed by   has been widely used in statistical machine translation  .
1	As suggested in  , we use the averaged perceptron when applying the model to held-out or test data.
1	2 Learning algorithm The translation model is a standard linear model  , which we train using MIRA  , following Watanabe et al.
1	To improve raw output from decoding, Portage relies on a rescoring strategy: given a list of n-best translations from the decoder, the system reorders this list, this time using a more elaborate loglinear model, incorporating more feature functions, in addition to those of the decoding model: these typically include IBM-1 and IBM-2 model probabilities   and an IBM-1-based feature function designed to detect whether any word in one language appears to have been left without satisfactory translation in the other language; all of these feature functions can be used in both language directions, i.e. source-to-target and target-to-source.
1	We proposed a Perceptron like learning algorithm   for guided learning.
1	Feature comparison measures: to convert two feature sets into a scalar value, several measures have been proposed, such as cosine, Lins measure  , Kullback-Leibler   divergence and its variants.
1	We base our work partly on previous work done by Bagga and Baldwin  , which has also been used in later work  .
1	This is important when LARGE CUT-OFF 0 5 100 NAIVE 541,721 184,493 35,617 SASH 10,599 8,796 6,231 INDEX 5,844 13,187 32,663 Table 4: Average number of comparisons per term considering that different tasks may require different weights and measures  .
1	The overall POS tag distribution learnt by EM is relatively uniform, as noted by Johnson  , and it tends to assign equal number of tokens to each tag label whereas the real tag distribution is highly skewed.
1	The left-to-right parser would likely improve if we were to use a left-corner transform  .
2	The results are quite promising: our extraction method discovered 89% of the WordNet cousins, and the sense partitions in our lexicon yielded better  values   than arbitrary sense groupings on the agreement data.
1	Unknown words were not identified in   as a useful predictor for the benefit of self-training.
1	This approach to term clustering is closely related to others from the literature  .2 Recall that the mutual information between random variables a0 and a1 can be written: a2a4a3a6a5a8a7a10a9a11a13a12a15a14a17a16a19a18a21a20a23a22a25a24a27a26a29a28 a14a17a16a19a18a21a20a23a22a25a24 a14a17a16a19a18a30a24a31a14a17a16a19a22a32a24   Here, a0 and a1 correspond to term and context clusters, respectively, each event a18 and a22 the observation of some term and contextual term in the corpus.
1	Related Work The first application of log-linear models to parsing is the work of Ratnaparkhi and colleagues  .
2	Lysine diisocyanate based degradable polyurethanes have been found to be biocompatible materials with potential uses in drug delivery systems  .
1	For instance, the Penn Treebank policy   is to annotate the lowest node that is unfinished with an -UNF tag as in Figure 4 .
1	This view is supported by Lin  , who concludes that correlations to human judgments were increased by using multiple references but using single reference summary with enough number of samples was a valid alternative.
2	For source coding and rate-distortion coding problems, polar codes have been shown to be competitive with the state-of-the-art methods  .
1	More specifically, two recent works have suggested using statistical data on lexical relations for resolving ambiguity of prepositional phrase attachment   and pronoun references  .
1	2.1 The averaged perceptron The averaged perceptron algorithm   was proposed as a way of reducing overfitting on the training data.
1	1 Introduction Bilingual data   are critical resources for building many applications, such as machine translation   and cross language information retrieval  .
1	In the multilingual parsing track, participants train dependency parsers using treebanks provided for ten languages: Arabic  , Basque  , Catalan  , Chinese  , Czech  , English  , Greek  , Hungarian  , Italian  , and Turkish  .
1	Similar ideas were explored in  .
1	Experiments are presented in table 1, using BLEU   and METEOR5  , and we also show the length ratio  .
1	able 8 compares the F1 results of our baseline model with Nakagawa and Uchimoto   and Zhang and Clark   on CTB 3.0
1	Using the values computed above: p1 = k1n 1 p2 = k2n 2 p = k1+k2n 1+n2 Taking these probabilities to be binomially distributed, the log likelihood statistic   is given by: 2 log = 2  where, log L =k log p+  log  According to this statistic, the greater the value of 2 log for a particular pair of observed frame and verb, the more likely that frame is to be valid SF of the verb.
2	The first experimental contribution to unravelling the molecular mechanism of CRISPR processing came from Escherichia coli studies  .
1	Allomorphs   are also automatically identified in  , but the general problem of recognizing highly irregular forms is examined more extensively in  .
1	In particular, we adopt the approach of phrase-based statistical machine translation  .
1	For a detailed introduction to IBM translation models, please see  .
1	Note that there are some similarities between our two-stage semi-supervised learning approach and the semi-supervised learning method introduced by  , which is an extension of the method described by  .
1	When the value of Ilw, r,w'll is unknown, we assume that A and C are conditionally independent given B. The probability of A, B and C cooccurring is estimated by PMLE  PMLE  PMLE , where PMLE is the maximum likelihood estimation of a probability distribution and P.LE  = II*,*,*ll' P. ,~E  = II*,~,*ll ' P, LE  = When the value of Hw, r, w~H is known, we can obtain PMLE  directly: PMLE  = \ =c. Its value can be corn769 simgindZe  = ~'~ eTCwl)NTCw2)Aresubj.of.obj-of} min , I  ) simHindte,   = ~, eT nT  min , I ) \]T NT I simcosine  = x/IZ llZ l 2x IT nZ l simDice  = iT l+lT  I simJacard   = T OT l T  + T l-IT rlT l Figure 1: Other Similarity Measures puted as follows: I  = _ Iog PMLE PMLE ) -- ) log IIw,r,wflll*,r,*ll -IIw,r,*ll xll*,r,w'll It is worth noting that I  is equal to the mutual information between w and w'  .
1	The XEROX tagger comes with a list of built-in ending guessing rules  .
1	The mapping typically is made to try to give the most favorable mapping in terms of accuracy, typically using a greedy assignment  .
2	Since human evaluation is costly and difficult to do reliably, a major focus of research has been on automatic measures of MT quality, pioneered by BLEU   and NIST  .
2	However, the only known work which automates part of a customer service center using natural language dialogue is the one by Chu-Carroll and Carpenter  .
2	Encouraging analytic results and some Monte Carlo simulations of the CP 1 model have been reported in  .
0	Inside-out alignments  , such as the one in Example 1.3, cannot be induced by any of these theories; in fact, there seems to be no useful synchronous grammar formalisms available that handle inside-out alignments, with the possible exceptions of synchronous tree-adjoining grammars  , Bertsch and Nederhof   and generalized multitext grammars  , which are all way more complex than ITG, STSG and  -BRCG.
2	This was expected, as it has been observed before that very simple smoothing techniques can perform well on large data sets, such as web data  .
1	6 Related Work A description of the IBM models for statistical machine translation can be found in  .
2	The recent approach for editing extracted text spans   may also produce improvement for our algorithm.
1	Weeds and Weir   discuss the influence of bias towards highor low-frequency items for different tasks  , and it would not be surprising if the different high-frequency bias were leading to different results.
1	Bilexical CFG is at the heart of most modern statistical parsers  , because the statistics associated with word-specific rules are more informative for disambiguation purposes.
1	ord Alignment Quality Metrics 3.1 Alignment Error Rate is Not a Useful Measure We begin our study of metrics for word alignment quality by testing AER  
1	4.1 Experimental Set-up We used two different corpora: PropBank   along with PennTree bank 2   and FrameNet.
1	he fertility for the null word is treated specially  
1	However, certain properties of the BLEU metric can be exploited to speed up search, as described in detail by Och  .
1	For instance, there is a substantial body of papers on the extraction of ""frequently co-occurring words"" from corpora using statistical methods  ,  ,   to list only a few).
1	EM-HMM tagger provided with good initial conditions   91.4*   Figure 1: Previous results on unsupervised POS tagging using a dictionary   on the full 45-tag set.
1	The query tions, the syntax, semantics, and abstract knowledge representation have type declarations   which help to detect malformed representations.
2	To compare the output of their shallow parser with the output of the well-known Collins   parser, Li and Roth applied the chunklink conversion script to extract the shallow constituents from the output of the Collins parser on WSJ section 00.
1	The experiments were performed using the Wall Street Journal   corpus of the University of Pennsylvania   modified as described in   and  .
1	In each iteration of local search, we look in the neighborhood of the current best alignment for a better alignment  .
2	Annual public expenditure on home-care services tripled from €102.3 million in 2001   to €331 million in 2008  .
1	On the other hand, purely statistical systems   extract discriminating MWUs from text corpora by means of association measure regularities.
2	NAC at 5–20 mM has been shown to block HIV infection, particularly at the step of transcription  .
1	In batch mode, OpinionFinder parses the data again, this time to obtain constituency parse trees  , which are then converted to dependency parse trees  .
1	3 Domain Adaptation Following  , we present an application of structural correspondence learning   to non-projective dependency parsing  .
2	As a result, the good results of   with large seed sets do not immediately imply success with small seed sets.
1	For this purpose, we present a data-driven beam search algorithm similar to the one used in speech recognition search algorithms  .
1	A second pass aligns the sentences in a way similar1 to the algorithm described by Gale and Church  , but where the search space is constrained to be close to the one delimited by the word alignment.
1	Some researchers   classify terms by similarities based on their distributional syntactic patterns.
1	The translation component is an analog of the IBM model 2  , with parameters that are optimized for use with the trigram.
1	7 Model Structure In our statistical model, trees are generated according to a process similar to that described in  .
1	Thus, the WSJ+NANC model has better oracle rates than the WSJ model   for both the WSJ and BROWN domains.
1	We perform named entity tagging using the Stanford four-class named entity tagger  .
1	For the former we made use Decision Lists similar to Yarowskys method for Word Sense Disambiguation    .
1	Training of the phrase translation model builds on top of a standard statistical word alignment over the training corpus of parallel text   for identifying corresponding word blocks, assuming no further linguistic analysis of the source or target language.
1	To perform minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights to maximize the systems BLEU score on development set, we used optimizeV5IBMBLEU.m  .
1	corpus  , the Penn Treebank  , the SUSANNE corpus  , the Spoken English Corpus  , the Oxford Psycholinguistic Database  , and the ""Computer-Usable"" version of the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary of Current English  .
1	The latter problem of developing methods that can work with incomplete supervisory information is addressed in a subsequent effort  .
1	The corpus is aligned in the word level using IBM Model4  .
1	We use binary Synchronous ContextFree Grammar  , based on Inversion Transduction Grammar    , to define the set of eligible segmentations for an aligned sentence pair.
1	298 within LFG includes the XLE,3 Cahill and van Genabith  , Hogan et al.
1	To compare the performance of system, we recorded the total training time and the BLEU score, which is a standard automatic measurement of the translation quality .
1	Automatically creating or extending taxonomies for specific domains is then a very interesting area of research  .
1	Inspired by the conjunction and appositive structures, Riloff and Shepherd  , Roark and Charniak   used cooccurrence statistics in local context to discover sibling relations.
1	Word-based features are used as well, e.g. feature a75 a11a39a99a78a99a18a11 captures word-to-word translation de4On our test set,   reports a BLEU score of a100a63a101a63a102a43a103 and   reports a BLEU score of a104a89a103a63a102 a105 . pendencies similar to the use of Model a98 probabilities in  .
1	Taking SIGHAN Bakeoff 2006   as an example, the recall is lower about 5% than the precision for each submitted system on MSRA and CityU closed track.
1	Because their joint distributions have such closed-form expressions, the parameters can be estimated directly from the training data without the need for an iterative fitting procedure  ).
2	Discriminative learning methods, such as Maximum Entropy Markov Models  , Projection Based Markov Models  , Conditional Random Fields  , Sequence AdaBoost  , Sequence Perceptron  , Hidden Markov Support Vector Machines   and Maximum-Margin Markov Networks  , overcome the limitations of HMMs.
2	Among the various knowledge-based   and data-driven   word sense disambiguation methods that have been proposed to date, supervised systems have been constantly observed as leading to the highest performance.
1	2 Related Work The most commonly used similarity measures are based on the WordNet lexical database   and a number of such measures have been made publicly available  .
1	There are many techniques for transliteration and back-transliteration, and they vary along a number of dimensions:  phoneme substitution vs. character substitution  heuristic vs. generative vs. discriminative models  manual vs. automatic knowledge acquisition We explore the third dimension, where we see several techniques in use:  Manually-constructed transliteration models, e.g.,  .
1	Any linguistic annotation required during the extraction process, therefore, is produced through automatic means, and it is only for reasons of accessibility and comparability with other research that we choose to work over the Wall Street Journal section of the Penn Treebank  .
1	6 Related Work The most relevant previous works include word sense translation and translation disambiguation  , frame semantic induction  , and bilingual semantic mapping  .
1	We see no good reason, however, why such text spans should necessarily be sentences, since the majority of tagging paradigms   do not attempt to parse an entire sentence and operate only in the local window of two to three tokens.
1	Given a set of features and a training corpus, the ME estimation process produces a model in which every feature fi has a weight i. From  , we can compute the conditional probability as: p  = 1Z productdisplay i fi i   Z  =summationdisplay o productdisplay i fi i   The probability is given by multiplying the weights of active features   = 1).
1	sister head tag X Table 4: Linguistic features in the current model compared to the models of Carroll and Rooth  , Collins  , and Charniak   Negra, based on Collinss   model for nonrecursive NPs in the Penn Treebank  .
1	Smadja employsthez-scoreinconjunction with several heuristics andextractspredicativecollocations, 1E.g.,(Frantziet al. ,2000;Pearce,2001;Goldmanet al. , 2001;ZaiuInkpenandHirst,2002;Dias,2003;Seretanetal.
2	As in previous studies, injury severity was stratified using the discharge diagnosis ICD-9ebased ICISS scoring system, which has been shown to outperform other scoring systems in predicting injury mortality and is particularly suited for the study of administrative databases.  The definition of severely injured patients was chosen to match that in several preceding studies that focused on the survival advantage of severely injured patients treated at DTCs in Florida.
2	Perhaps the most widely accepted convention is that of ignoring punctuation for the purposes of assigning constituent span, under the perspective that, fun788 Phrase Evaluation Scenario System Type       Modified All 98.37 99.72 99.72 Truth VP 92.14 98.70 98.70 Li and Roth All 94.64   VP 95.28 Collins   All 92.16 93.42 94.28 VP 88.15 94.31 94.42 Charniak All 93.88 95.15 95.32   VP 88.92 95.11 95.19 Table 1: F-measure shallow bracketing accuracy under three different evaluation scenarios:   baseline, used in Li and Roth  , with original chunklink script converting treebank trees and context-free parser output;   same as  , except that empty subject NPs are inserted into every unary SVP production; and   same as  , except that punctuation is ignored for setting constituent span.
2	  used bootstrapping to train decision list classifiers to disambiguate between two senses of a word, achieving impressive classification accuracy.
1	2 Evaluation All of the experiments described below have the same basic structure: an estimator is used to infer a bitag HMM from the unsupervised training corpus   Wall Street Journal corpus  ), and then the resulting model is used to label each word of that corpus with one of the HMMs hidden states.
1	In   and  , clusters of similar words are evaluated by how well they are able to recover data items that are removed from the input corpus one at a time.
2	It was rolled out nationally in 2006 with funding of €55 million, after being successfully piloted in a small number of locations between 2001 and 2004  .
1	32-39 Proceedings of HLT-NAACL 2003 similar distribution patterns  .
1	Previous work from   showed improvements in perplexity-oriented measures using mixture-based translation lexicon  .
1	The system combination weights  one for each system, LM weight, and word and NULL insertion penalties  were tuned to maximize the BLEU   score on the tuning set  .
1	Much work has gone into methods for measuring synset similarity; early work in this direction includes  , which attempted to discover sense similarities between dictionary senses.
1	Adopting the SCF acquisition system of Briscoe and Carroll, we have experimented with an alternative hypothesis test, the binomial log-likelihood ratio   test  .
1	Carletta   cites the convention from the domain of content analysis indicating that .67 K K < .8 indicates marginal agreement, while K > .8 is an indication of good agreement.
1	The POS disambiguation has usually been performed by statistical approaches mainly using hidden markov model   (Cutting et al. , 1992; Kupiec.
1	The phrase-based decoder extracts phrases from the word alignments produced by GIZA++, and computes translation probabilities based on the frequency of one phrase being aligned with another  .
1	We view L2P as a tagging task that can be performed with a discriminative learning method, such as the Perceptron HMM  .
1	using Spearmans rank correlation coefficient and Pearsons rank correlation coefficient  .
1	Previous literature on GB parsing /Wehrli, 1984; Sharp, 1985; Kashket, 1986; Kuhns, 1986; Abney, 1986/has not addressed the issue of implementation of the Binding theory) The present paper intends in part to fill this gap.
0	Only the statistically powered NLST study, with a sample size of 53,454, has detected a 20% mortality reduction with low-dose CT screening over chest X-ray screening  , which was why we simulated 100,000 participants to obtain robust results.
2	Extracting semantic information from word co-occurrence statistics has been effective, particularly for sense disambiguation  .
1	1510 5 Related Work In recent years, many research has been done on extracting relations from free text  ); however, almost all of them require some language-dependent parsers or taggers for English, which restrict the language of their extractions to English only  .
1	period should therefore be interpreted as an abbreviation marker and not as a sentence boundary marker if the two tokens surrounding it can indeed be considered as a collocation according to Dunnings   original log-likelihood ratio amended with the one-sidedness constraint introduced in Section 2.2
1	Using techniques described in Church and Hindle  , Church and Hanks  , and Hindle and Rooth  , Figure 4 shows some examples of the most frequent V-O pairs from the AP corpus.
1	The hierarchical translation operations introduced in these methods call for extensions to the traditional beam decoder  .
1	he prevalent use of this criterion despite repeated advice that it is unlikely to be suitable for all studies   is probably due to a desire for a simple system that can be easily applied to a scheme
1	For example, alignments can be used to learn translation lexicons  , transfer rules  , and classifiers to find safe sentence segmentation points  .
1	Similar to work in image retrieval  , we cast the problem in terms of Machine Translation: given a paired corpus of words and a set of video event representations to which they refer, we make the IBM Model 1 assumption and use the expectation-maximization method to estimate the parameters  :  =+ = m j ajm jvideowordpl Cvideowordp 1 )| 1 |  This paired corpus is created from a corpus of raw video by first abstracting each video into the feature streams described above.
1	rown et al   put forward and discussed n-gram models based on classes of words
1	The maximum entropy models used here are similar in form to those in  .
1	Then, we run GIZA++   on the corpus to obtain word alignments in both directions.
1	Many methods have been proposed to compute distributional similarity between words, e.g.,  ,  ,   and  .
1	2 Models, Search Spaces, and Errors A translation model consists of two distinct elements: an unweighted ruleset, and a parameterization  .
1	Our named entity recognizer used a maximum entropy model, built with Adwait Ratnaparkhi's tools   to label word sequences as either person, place, company or none of the above based on local cues including the surrounding words and whether honorifics  .
1	This fact, along with the observation that machine translation quality improves as the amount of monolingual training material increases, has lead to the introduction of randomised techniques for representing large LMs in small space  .
1	3.2 Translation performance For the experiments reported in this section, we used feature weights trained with minimum error rate training   . Because MERT ignores the denominator in Equation 1, it is invariant with respect to the scale of the weight vector   the Moses implementation simply normalises the weight vector it finds by its lscript1-norm.
1	Applications of word clustering include language modeling  , text classification  , thesaurus construction   and so on.
1	The WordNet::Similarity package provides a flexible implementation of many of these measures  .
2	We note that better performance has been reported with the use of more image features  .
1	.1 Likelihood Ratios in the Type-based Stage The log-likelihood ratio by Dunning   tests whether the probability of a word is dependent on the occurrence of the preceding word type
1	2.1.4 Model Features Our MST models are based on the features described in  ; specifically, we use features based on a dependency nodes form, lemma, coarse and fine part-of-speech tag, and morphologicalstring attributes.
1	The supervised methods are based on Maximum Entropy    , neural network using the Learning Vector Quantization algorithm   and Specialized Hidden Markov Models  .
1	2.3 Measuring the similarity between classes   In step 3, we measure the similarity between two primitive classes by using the method given by Hindle  .
1	model reranking has also been established, both for synchronous binarization   and for target-only binarization  .
1	Both models have been used to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy for a wide range of languages, as shown in the CoNLL shared tasks on dependency parsing  , but McDonald and Nivre   showed that a detailed error analysis reveals important differences in the distribution of errors associated with the two models.
1	We prepare the corpus by passing it through Adwait Ratnaparkhis part-of-speech tagger     and then running Steve Abneys chunker   over the entire text.
1	Word Error Rate  , which penalizes the edit distance against reference translations   BLEU: the geometric mean of n-gram precision for the translation results found in reference translations   Translation Accuracy  : subjective evaluation ranks ranging from A to D  , judged blindly by a native speaker   In contrast to WER, higher BLEU and ACC scores indicate better translations.
2	CLL has then been applied to a corpus of declarative sentences from the Penn Treebank   on which it has been shown to perform comparatively well with respect to much less psychologically plausible systems, which are significantly more supervised and are applied to somewhat simpler problems.
2	• Even more efficient pure TSP heuristics such as the Lin-Kernighan heuristic    , using the LKH implementation (Helsgaun, 2000, http://www.
2	We carried out automatic evaluation of our summaries using ROUGE   toolkit, which has been widely adopted by DUC for automatic summarization evaluation.
1	Other techniques have tried to quantify the generalizability of certain features across domains  , or tried to exploit the common structure of related problems  .
2	Perhaps more importantly, discriminative models have been shown to offer competitive performance on a variety of sequential and structured learning tasks in NLP that are traditionally tackled via generative models , such as letter-to-phoneme conversion  , semantic role labeling  , syntactic parsing  , language modeling  , and machine translation  .
1	Several researchers  ) work on reducing the granularity of sense inventories for WSD.
1	To measure interannotator agreement, we compute Cohens Kappa   from the two sets of annotations, obtaining a Kappa value of only 0.43.
1	amshaw and Marcus   approached chunking by using a machine learning method
1	5 Experiments For all experiments, we trained and tested on the Penn treebank    .
1	A null Assuming that one SMS word is mapped exactly to one English word in the channel model under an alignment, we need to consider only two types of probabilities: the alignment probabilities denoted by Pm and the lexicon mapping probabilities denoted by  .
1	In this case, we use the log-likelihood measure as described in  .
1	The features used in NLG2 are described in the next section, and the feature weights aj, obtained from the Improved Iterative Scaling algorithm  , are set to maximize the likelihood of the training data.
1	For causativity, the same counting scripts were used for both groups of verbs, but the input to the counting programs was determined by manual inspection of the corpus for verbs belonging to group 1, while it was extracted automatically from a parsed corpus for group 2  .
1	The terms graph-based and transition-based were used by McDonald and Nivre   to describe the difference between MSTParser  , which is a graph-based parser with an exhaustive search decoder, and MaltParser  , which is a transition-based parser with a greedy search decoder.
1	We used a feature set which included the current, next, and previous word; the previous two tags; various capitalization and other features of the word being tagged  ).
1	Using Maximum Entropy   classifiers I built a parser that achieves a throughput of over 200 sentences per second, with a small loss in accuracy of about 23 %.
1	2.1 Data-based Methods Data-based approaches extract their information directly from texts and are divided into supervised and unsupervised methods  .
1	Adapting a vectorbased approach reported by Chu-Carroll and Carpenter  , the Task ID Frame Agent is domain-independent and automatically trained.
1	  propose a MaxEnt-based reordering model for BTG   while Setiawan et al.
1	Fortunately, there is a straightforward parallel between our object recognition formulation and the statistical machine translation problem of building a lexicon from an aligned bitext  .
0	This evaluation shows that our WIDL-based approach to generation is capable of obtaining headlines that compare favorably, in both content and fluency, with extractive, state-of-the-art results  , while it outperforms a previously-proposed abstractive system by a wide margin  .
1	In open-domain opinion extraction, some approaches use syntactic features obtained from parsed input sentences  , as is commonly done in semantic role labeling.
1	There are two tasks  for the domain adaptation problem.
1	The up-arrows and down-arrows are shorthand for  ) =   where ni is the c-structure node annotated with the equation.2 Treebest := argmaxTreeP    P  := productdisplay X  Y in Tree Feats = {ai|vj )ai = vj} P    The generation model of   maximises the probability of a tree given an f-structure (Eqn.
1	This might prove beneficial for various discriminative training methods  .
1	216 The Maximum Entropy Principle   is to nd a model p = argmax pC H , which means a probability model p  that maximizes entropy H .
1	Neither   with 67% nor   with 59% noun attachment were anywhere close to this figure.
1	where mk is one mention in entity e, and the basic model building block PL  is an exponential or maximum entropy model  .
1	We also used the following resources: the Charniak parser   to carry out the syntactic analysis; the wn::similaritypackage   to compute the Jiang&Conrath   distance   needed to implement the lexical similarity siml  as defined in  ; SVM-lightTK   to encode the basic tree kernel function, KT, in SVM-light  .
1	  describe how to learn hundreds of millions of treetransformation rules from a parsed, aligned Chinese/English corpus, and Galley et al.
1	The machine translation literature is littered with various attempts to learn a phrase-based string transducer directly from aligned sentence pairs, doing away with the separate word alignment step  .
2	A variety of classifiers have been employed for this task  , the most popular being decision lists   and naive Bayesian classifiers  .
1	NeATS computes the likelihood ratio    to identify key concepts in unigrams, bigrams, and trigrams, and clusters these concepts in order to identify major subtopics within the main topic.
1	For nonprojective parsing, the analogy to the inside algorithm is the O  matrix-tree algorithm, which is dominated asymptotically by a matrix determinant  .
1	605 ROUGE-S   Skip-bigram is any pair of words in their sentence order, allowing for arbitrary gaps.
1	A tree sequence to string rule  174 A tree-sequence to string translation rule in a forest is a triple <L, R, A>, where L is the tree sequence in source language, R is the string containing words and variables in target language, and A is the alignment between the leaf nodes of L and R. This definition is similar to that of   except our treesequence is defined in forest.
2	In machine translation, confusion-network based combination techniques  ) have achieved the state-of-theart performance in MT evaluations.
2	  has proved to be a simple yet powerful observation and has been successfully used in word sense disambiguation   and related tasks  ; Agirre and Rigau The author was partially funded by GALE DARPA Contract No.
2	1 Introduction A hypergraph, as demonstrated by Huang and Chiang  , is a compact data-structure that can encode an exponential number of hypotheses generated by a regular phrase-based machine translation   system (e.g., Koehn et al.
0	A word based approach depends upon traditional statistical machine translation techniques such as IBM Model1   and may not always yield satisfactory results due to its inability to handle difficult many-to-many phrase translations.
1	ne approach constructs automatic thesauri by computing the similarity between words based on their distribution in a corpus  
1	In order to filter the noise caused by the error alignment links, we only retain those translation pairs whose log-likelihood ratio scores   are above a threshold.
1	2 Architecture of the system The goal of statistical machine translation   is to produce a target sentence e from a source sentence f. It is today common practice to use phrases as translation units   and a log linear framework in order to introduce several models explaining the translation process: e??= argmaxp  = argmaxe {exp )}   The feature functions hi are the system models and the i weights are typically optimized to maximize a scoring function on a development set  .
1	When labeled training data is available, we can use the Maximum Entropy principle   to optimize the  weights.
2	In an experiment on 16,800 sentences of Chinese-English newswire text with segment-level human evaluation from the Linguistic Data Consortium?s   Multiple Translation project, we compare the LFG-based evaluation method with other popular metrics like BLEU, NIST, General Text Matcher    , Translation Error Rate    1, and METEOR  , and we show that combining dependency representations with synonyms leads to a more accurate evaluation that correlates better with human judgment.
1	Ourmodelisthusa form of quasi-synchronous grammar    .
1	1 Introduction Formal grammar used in statistical machine translation  , such as Bracketing Transduction Grammar   proposed by   and the synchronous CFG presented by  , provides a natural platform for integrating linguistic knowledge into SMT because hierarchical structures produced by the formal grammar resemble linguistic structures.
2	We chose this amplitude as it has been successfully used to elicit a female response in choice experiments  .
1	The translation models they presented in various papers between 1988 and 1993   are commonly referred to as IBM models 15, based on the numbering in Brown, Della Pietra, Della Pietra, and Mercer  .
1	We concatenate the lists and we learn a new combination of weights that maximizes the Bleu score of the combined nbest list using the same development corpus we used for tuning the individual systems  .
1	In such a process, original phrase-based decoding   does not take advantage of any linguistic analysis, which, however, is broadly used in rule-based approaches.
1	In order to be able to compare the edit distance with the other metrics, we have used the following formula whichnormalisesthe minimum edit distance by the length of the longest questionand transformsit into a similaritymetric: normalisededitdistance = 1 edit dist max  Word Ngram Overlap This metric compares the word n-gramsin both questions: ngramoverlap = 1N Nsummationdisplay n=1 | Gn   Gn  | min  |,| Gn  |) where Gn  is the set of n-grams of length n in question q and N usually equals 4  .
1	Unfortunately, as shown in  , with the represetation of sentences that we use, linear classifiers cannot discriminate real sentences from sentences sampled from a trigram, which is the model we use as a baseline, so here we resort to a non-linear large-margin classifier  .
1	So far, these techniques have focused on phrasebased models using contiguous phrases  .
1	We just assign these rules a constant score trained using our implementation of Minimum Error Rate Training  , which is 0.7 in our system.
1	Between them, the phrase-based approach   allows local reordering and contiguous phrase translation.
1	We measure translation performance by the BLEU   and METEOR   scores with multiple translation references.
1	We evaluated the translation quality using the BLEU metric  , as calculated by mteval-v11b.pl with its default setting except that we used case-sensitive matching of n-grams.
1	It can be proven that the probability distribution p satisfying the above assumption is the one with the highest entropy, is unique and has the following expone ntial form  :    = = k j cajf jcZcap 1 ),  |  is a normalization factor, fj  are the values of k features of the pair   and correspond to the linguistic cues of c that are relevant to predict the outcome a. Features are extracted from the training data and define the constraints that the probabilistic model p must satisfy.
1	For more detail, explanations and experiments see  .
1	Introduction Bilingual word alignment is first introduced as an intermediate result in statistical machine translation    
1	Rapp  , Dunning  ) but using cosine rather than cityblock distance to measure profile similarity.
1	Experimental results are reported in Table 2: here cased BLEU results are reported on MT03 Arabic-English test set  .
1	  represent chunking as tagging problem and the CoNLL2000 shared task   is now the standard evaluation task for chunking English.
1	For evaluation, we use IBMs BLEU score   to measure the performance of the SMS normalization.
1	The de-facto answer came during the 1990s from the research community on Statistical Machine Translation, who made use of statistical tools based on a noisy channel model originally developed for speech recognition  .
1	We follow IBM Model 1   and assume that each word in an utterance is generated by exactly one role in the parallel frame Using standard EM to learn the role to word mapping is only sufficient if one knows to which level in the tree the utterance should be mapped.
2	Then, we apply a grow-diag-final algorithm which is widely used in bilingual phrase extraction   to monolingual alignments.
1	According to one account   the majority of errors arise because of the statistical filtering process, which is reported to be particularly unreliable for low frequency SCFs  .
1	Parameter tuning is done with Minimum Error Rate Training    .
1	We selected 580 short sentences of length at most 50 characters from the 2002 NIST MT Evaluation test set as our development corpus and used it to tune s by maximizing the BLEU score  , and used the 2005 NIST MT Evaluation test set as our test corpus.
1	We accordingly introduce approaches which attempt to include semantic information into the coreference models from a variety of knowledge sources, e.g. WordNet  , Wikipedia   and automatically harvested patterns  .
1	Verbs and possible senses in our corpus Both corpora were lemmatized and part-of-speech   tagged using Minipar   and Mxpost  , respectivelly.
1	The baseline score using all phrase pairs was 59.11   with a 95% confidence interval of  .
1	2 The Data Our experiments on joint syntactic and semantic parsing use data that is produced automatically by merging the Penn Treebank   with PropBank    , as shown in Figure 1.
1	Ours is 772 similar to   in the use of dependency relationship as the word features, based on which word similarities are computed.
1	In another line of research,   and   have shown that it is possible to reduce the need for supervision with the help of large amounts of unannotated data.
1	Learning We model the problem of selecting the best derivation as a structured prediction problem  .
1	3.1 Agreement for Emotion Classes The kappa coefficient of agreement is a statistic adopted by the Computational Linguistics community as a standard measure for this purpose  .
1	It has been implemented in the TACITUS System   and has been applied to several varieties of text.
2	Many techniques for bone defatting are described in the literature, including mechanical cleaning with water or air jet,  acetone ⁄ ethanol solution,  enzyme detergents,  hydrogen peroxide,  aqueous sodium hydroxide,  and sodium hypochlorite  .  We adopted the latter technique, because it has been found suitable for formalinized specimens,  is safe for personnel and is very low cost.
2	Discriminative methods such as Conditional Random Fields    , Semi-Markov Random Fields  , and perceptrons   have been popular approaches for sequence labeling because of their excellent performance, which is mainly due to their ability to incorporate many kinds of overlapping and non-independent features.
1	We then used the kappa statistic   to assess the level of agreement between the three coders with respect to the 2 An agent holds the task initiative during a turn as long as some utterance during the turn directly proposes how the agents should accomplish their goal, as in utterance  .
1	3.2 Probability structure of the original model We use p to denote the unlexicalized nonterminal corresponding to P, and similarly for li, ri and h. We now present the top-level generation probabilities, along with examples from 4The inclusion of the word feature in the BBN model was due to the work described in  , where word features helped reduce part of speech ambiguity for unknown words.
1	All corpora are formatted in the IOB sequence representation  .
2	While the former is piecewise constant and thus cannot be optimized using gradient techniques, Och   provides an approach that performs such training efficiently.
1	For each, we give case-insensitive scores on version 0.6 of METEOR   with all modules enabled, version 1.04 of IBMstyle BLEU  , and version 5 of TER  .
2	In addition, there are continued new developments in lowcost, light-weight, and long-duration UAVs  .
1	Section 7 considers recent efforts to induce effective procedures for automated sense labelling of discourse relations that are not lexically marked  .
1	Given a sentence-pair  , the most likely   word alignment is found as  : a = argmaxa P .
1	Unlike Smadja  , the keword rnay be part of a Chinese word.
1	unning   reports that we should not rely on the assumption of a normal distribution when performing statistical text analysis and suggests that parametric analysis based on the binomial or multinomial distributions is a better alternative for smaller texts
1	To identify conjunctions, lists, and appositives, we first parsed the corpus, using an efficient statistical parser  , trMned on the Penn Wall Street Journal Treebank  .
1	In the proposed method, the statistical machine translation     is deeply incorporated into the question answering process, instead of using the SMT as the preprocessing before the mono-lingual QA process as in the previous work.
1	To implement this method, we rst use the Stanford Named Entity Recognizer4  toidentifythesetofpersonandorganisation entities, E, from each article in the corpus.
1	3.1 Definition The following set-up, adapted from Collins  , was used for all three discriminative training methods: 266  Training data is a set of input-output pairs.
1	Similarly to classical NLP tasks such as base noun phrase chunking  , text chunking   or named entity recognition  , we formulate the mention detection problem as a classification problem, by assigning to each token in the text a label, indicating whether it starts a specific mention, is inside a specific mention, or is outside any mentions.
1	A class of training criteria that provides a tighter connection between the decision rule and the final error metric is known as Minimum Error Rate Training   and has been suggested for SMT in  .
1	To avoid this problem we use the concept of class proposed for a word n-gram model  .
1	section 20 Majority voting         accuracy precision O:98.10% C:98.29% 93.63% O:98.1% C:98.2% 93.1% 97.58% 92.50% 97.37% 91.80% 91.6% recall FZ=I 92.89% 93.26 92.4% 92.8 92.25% 92.37 92.27% 92.03 91.6% 91.6 section 00 accuracy precision Majority voting 0:98.59% C:98.65% 95.04% r   98.04% 93.71%   97.8% 93.1% recall FB=I 94.75% 94.90 93.90% 93.81 93.5% 93.3 Table 3: The results of majority voting of different data representations applied to the two standard data sets put forward by   compared with earlier work.
1	enkova and Louis   investigate how summary length and the characteristics of the input influence the summary quality in multi-document summarization
1	Translation rules can:  look like phrase pairs with syntax decoration: NPB  NNP  NNP  NNP ) BUFDFKEUBWAZ  carry extra contextual constraints: VP  x0:SBAR-C) DKx0    be non-constituent phrases: VP  SBAR-C  x0:S-C)) DKx0 VP  PRT ) x0:SBAR-C) DXGPx0  contain non-contiguous phrases, effectively phrases with holes: PP  NP-C  x0:NNP)) NN ))) GRx0 EVABG6 PP  NP-C  NN ) x0:PP)) GRx0 EVEVABABG6  be purely structural  : S x0 x1  re-order their children: NP-C  x0:NN) PP  x1:NP-C)) x1 DFx0 Decoding with this model produces a tree in the target language, bottom-up, by parsing the foreign string using a CYK parser and a binarized rule set  .
1	We obtain aligned parallel sentences and the phrase table after the training of Moses, which includes running GIZA++  , grow-diagonal-final symmetrization and phrase extraction  .
1	It is for all three reasons, i.e. translation, induction from alignment structures and induction of alignment structures, important that the synchronous grammars are expressive enough to induce all the alignment structures found in hand-aligned gold standard parallel corpora  .
1	It has been further observed that simply compressing sentences individually and concatenating the results leads to suboptimal summaries  .
1	Choosing the most advantageous, Hiemstra has published parts of the translational distributions of certain words, induced using both his method and Brown et al.'s   Model 1 from the same training bitext.
2	Another attractive property of the voted perceptron is that it can be used with kernels, for example the kernels over parse trees described in  .
2	Collins   improves the F1 score from 88.2% to 89.7%, while Charniak and Johnson   improve from 90.3% to 91.4%.
1	Proceedings of the 40th Annual Meeting of the Association for In a key step for locating important sentences, NeATS computes the likelihood ratio    to identify key concepts in unigrams, bigrams, and trigrams1, using the ontopic document collection as the relevant set and the off-topic document collection as the irrelevant set.
2	A simulated annealing-based heuristic approach has been developed to solve the NP-complete problem in a computationally efficient manner  .
2	In addition, consistent with the result of our preclinical study, recent clinical study showed that alectinib was also highly active against ALK-positive NSCLC patients after treatment with crizotinib  .
1	Other factors that distinguish us from previous work are the use of all phrases proposed by a phrase-based system, and the use of a dependency language model that also incorporates constituent information   for related approaches).
1	In retrospect, however, there are perhaps even greater similarities to that of  .
1	The details of the algorithm can be found in the literature for statistical translation models, such as  .
1	Another WSD approach incorporating context-dependent phrasal translation lexicons is given in   and has been evaluated on several translation tasks.
1	We attribute the difference in M3/4 scores to the fact we use a Viterbi-like training procedure   while GIZA uses pegging   to sum over a set of likely hidden variable configurations in EM.
2	1 Introduction Statistical approaches to machine translation, pioneered by  , achieved impressive performance by leveraging large amounts of parallel corpora.
0	  tried a different generative phrase translation model analogous to IBM word-translation Model 3  , and again found that the standard model outperformed their generative model.
1	Machine Translation using Inversion Transduction Grammar The Inversion Transduction Grammar   of Wu   is a type of context-free grammar   for generating two languages synchronously
1	The recall problem is usually addressed by increasing the amount of text data for extraction  ) or by developing more surface patterns  .
1	Monotone Nonmonotone Target B A Positions C D Source Positions Figure 1: Two Types of Alignment The IBM model 1     assumes that all alignments have the same probability by using a uniform distribution: p  = 1IJ  Jproductdisplay j=1 Isummationdisplay i=1 p    We use the IBM-1 to train the lexicon parameters p , the training software is GIZA++  .
1	3 Experimental Results Whereas stochastic modelling is widely used in speech recognition, there are so far only a few research groups that apply stochastic modelling to language translation  .
1	xternal information such as the discourse or domain dependency of each word sense   is expected to lead to system improvement
1	C function is a derivative of Fano's mutual information formula recently used by Church and Hanks   to compute word co-occurrence patterns in a 44 million word corpus of Associated Press news stories
2	The translation quality is evaluated using a well-established automatic measure: BLEU score  .
1	For the evaluation of translation quality, we used the BLEU metric  , which measures the n-gram overlap between the translated output and one or more reference translations.
1	Many stochastic parsing models use linguistic intuitions to find this minimal set, for example by restricting the statistical dependencies to the locality of headwords of constituents  , leaving it as an open question whether there exist important statistical dependencies that go beyond linguistically motivated dependencies.
2	On the Hansards data, the simple averaging technique described by Collins   yields a reasonable model.
1	On the positive side, recent work exploring the automaticbinarizationofsynchronousgrammars  has indicated that non-binarizable constructions seem to be relatively rare in practice.
2	In pursuit of better translation, phrase-based models  havesignificantlyimprovedthe quality over classical word-based models  .
1	We train our feature weights using max-BLEU   and decode with a CKY-based decoder that supports language model scoring directly integrated into the search.
1	Rather than explicit annotation, we could use latent annotations to split the POS tags, similarly to the introduction of latent annotations to PCFG grammars  .
1	82 Chen and Chang Topical Clustering Dolan   maintains the position that intersense relations are mostly idiosyncratical, thereby making it difficult to characterize them in a general way so as to identify them.
1	These alignment models stem from the source-channel approach to statistical machine translation  .
1	2.3 Probabilistic models for generation with HPSG Some existing studies on probabilistic models for HPSG parsing   adopted log-linear models  .
1	Meanwhile, translation grammars have grown in complexity from simple inversion transduction grammars   to general tree-to-string transducers   and have increased in size by including more synchronous tree fragments  .
1	1 Introduction There has been a great deal of recent interest in the unsupervised discovery of syntactic structure from text, both parts-of-speech   and deeper grammatical structure like constituency and dependency trees  .
1	+ truecase 20.7   27.8   Table 2: Impact of truecasing on case-sensitive BLEU In a more integrated approach, factored translation models   allow us to consider grammatical coherence in form of partof-speech language models.
1	controlled NP-traces  , we follow the standard technique of marking nodes dominating the empty element up to but not including the parent of the antecedent as defective   with a gap feature  .1 Furthermore, to make antecedent co-indexation possible with many types of EEs, we generalize Collins approach by enriching the annotation of non-terminals with the type of the EE in question (eg.
2	This is an important feature from the MT viewpoint, since the decomposition into translation model and language model proved to be extremely useful in statistical MT since  .
0	We also compare our performance against   and   and find that we manage higher relative improvement than existing work despite starting from a very competitive baseline CRF.
1	3.2 Rare Word Accuracy For these experiments, we use the Wall Street Journal portion of the Penn Treebank  .
1	The Penn Treebank results reported here for the Markov model approach are at least equivalent to those reported for the Maximum Entropy approach in  .
2	There is also substantial work in the use of target-side syntax  .
1	According to the document, it is the output of Ratnaparkhis tagger  .
1	Most systems for automatic role-semantic analysis have used constituent syntax as in the Penn Treebank  , although there has also been much research on the use of shallow syntax   in SRL.
1	One way of resolving query ambiguities is to use the statistics, such as mutual information  , to measure associations of query terms, on the basis of existing corpora  .
1	However, current statistical dependency parsers provide worse results if the dependency length becomes longer  .
0	Unsupervised methods have been developed for WSD, but despite modest success have not always been well understood statistically  .
1	It has been shown that one sense per discourse property can improve the performance of bootstrapping algorithm  .
1	We used Pharoah   as a baseline system for comparison; the s-phrases used in our system include all phrases, with the same scores, as those used by Pharoah, allowing a direct comparison.
1	While traditional approaches to syntax based MT were dependent on availability of manual grammar, more recent approaches operate within the resources of PB-SMT and induce hierarchical or linguistic grammars from existing phrasal units, to provide better generality and structure for reordering  .
1	The Xerox tagger   comes with a set of rules that assign an unknown word a set of possible pos-tags   on the basis of its ending segment.
2	From a strategic viewpoint, layered modular architectures have the competitive advantage, as well as the challenge, in being doubly distributed  .
1	3 Algorithm As in previous work  , our computations are based on a partially lemmatized version of the British National Corpus   which has the function words removed.
1	Moses uses standard external tools for some of the tasks to avoid duplication, such as GIZA++   for word alignments and SRILM for language modeling.
1	Therefore,   defined the translation candidate with the minimum word-error rate as pseudo reference translation.
1	1 Introduction Syntax-based translation models   are usually built directly from Penn Treebank     style parse trees by composing treebank grammar rules.
1	For example,   collected reviews from a movie database and rated them as positive, negative, or neutral based on the rating   given by the reviewer.
1	For related work on the voted perceptron algorithm applied to NLP problems, see   and  .
1	In order to determine inter-annotator agreement for the database of annotated texts, we computed kappa statistics  .
1	From this point of view, some of the measures used in the evaluation of Machine Translation systems, such as BLEU  , have been imported into the summarization task.
1	The class labeling system in our experiment is IOB2  , which is a variation of IOB  .
2	In recent years, laparoscopy has become the gold-standard for the treatment of ovarian endometriotic cysts  .
1	To deal with this question, we use ATIS p-o-s trees as found in the Penn Treebank  .
1	TheData For our experiments we used a version of the British National Corpus parsed with the statistical parser of Collins  
1	  and Turney   classified sentiment polarity of reviews at the document level
1	It is an extension of Pharaoh  , and supports factor training and decoding.
1	he feasibility of such post-parse deepening   is demonstrated by Cahill et al  
1	3ThePOS taggers The two POS taggers used in the experiments are TNT, a publicly available Markov model tagger  , and a reimplementation of the maximum entropy   tagger MXPOST  .
1	In all the experiments, our source side language is English, and the Stanford Named Entity Recognizer   was used to extract NEs from the source side article.
1	BLEU Score: BLEU is an automatic metric designed by IBM, which uses several references  .
2	2.3 The Averaged Perceptron Reranking Model Averaged perceptron   has been successfully applied to several tagging and parsing reranking tasks  , and in this paper, we employed it in reranking semantic parses generated by the base semantic parser SCISSOR.
1	We can, however, produce a useful surrogate: a pair of monolingual WCFGs with structures projected by G and weights that, when combined, underestimate the costs of G. Parsing optimally relative to a synchronous grammar using a dynamic program requires time O  in the length of the sentence  .
1	Some authors have already designed similar matching techniques, such as the ones described in   and  .
1	Most related to our approach, Wu   used inversion transduction grammarsa synchronous context-free formalism  for this task.
1	5.1 CoNLL named entities presence feature We use Stanford named entity recognizer     to identify CoNLL style NEs7 as possible answer strings in a candidate sentence for a given type of question.
1	In this respect, it resembles bilingual bracketing  , but our model has more lexical items in the blocks with many-to-many word alignment freedom in both inner and outer parts.
1	3 Data The data consists of sections of the Wall Street Journal part of the Penn TreeBank  , with information on predicate-argument structures extracted from the PropBank corpus  .
1	Most previous work on paraphrase has focused on high quality rather than coverage  , but generating artificial references for MT parameter tuning in our setting has two unique properties compared to other paraphrase applications.
1	In line with the reports in   we do observe the performance improvement against the baseline   for all the domains.
1	1 Introduction Hyponymy relations can play a crucial role in various NLP systems, and there have been many attempts to develop automatic methods to acquire hyponymy relations from text corpora  .
1	  and   use syntactic markers to increase the significance of the data.
1	Note that all systems were optimized using a non-deterministic implementation of the Minimum Error Rate Training described in  .
1	For instance, Pang and Lee   train an independent subjectivity classifier to identify and remove objective sentences from a review prior to polarity classification.
1	1 Introduction In this paper, we present an approach for extracting the named entities   of natural language inputs which uses the maximum entropy   framework  .
1	We created a dependency training corpus based on the Penn Treebank  , or more specifically on the HPSG Treebank generated from the Penn Treebank  .
1	We also report on applying Factored Translation Models   for English-to-Arabic translation.
1	3.1 Word Sequence Classification Similar to English text chunking  , the word sequence classification model aims to classify each word via encoding its context features.
1	Our approach is to use finite-state approximations of long-distance dependencies, as they are described in   for Dependency Grammar   and   for Lexical Functional Grammar  .
1	Modeling reordering as the inversion in order of two adjacent blocks is similar to the approach taken by the Inverse Transduction Model    , except that here we are not limited to a binary tree.
1	The study is conducted on both a simple Air Travel Information System   corpus   and the more complex Wall Street Journal   corpus  .
1	When updating model parameters, we employ a memorizationvariant of a local updating strategy   in which parameters are optimized toward a set of good translations found in the k-best list across iterations.
1	Moreover, the overall BLEU   and METEOR   scores, as well as numbers of exact string matches   are higher for the hypertagger-seeded realizer than for the preexisting realizer.
1	Features identified using distributional similarity have previously been used for syntactic and semantic disambiguation   and to develop lexical resources from corpora  .
2	The Actigraph accelerometer   has been extensively and successfully used to assess physical activity in children in both small   epidemiological studies.
1	This tolerant search uses the well known concept of Levenshtein distance in order to obtain the most similar string for the given prefix   for more details).
1	These tags are drawn from a tagset which is constructed by extending each argument label by three additional symbols a11 a24 a35 a24a4a12, following  .
1	The training data is aligned using the LEAF technique  .
0	While theoretically sound, this approach is computationally challenging both in practice   and in theory  , may suffer from reference reachability problems  , and in the end may lead to inferior translation quality  .
1	In the rest of the paper we use the following notation, adapted from Collins  .
2	ne of the most notable examples is Yarowskys   bootstrapping algorithm for word sense disambiguation
2	Among the grammar formalisms successfully put into use in syntaxbased SMT are synchronous context-free grammars     and synchronous treesubstitutiongrammars  .
2	A recent study in northern Vietnam, in which researchers used participatory methods when introducing an educational programme for community health leaders, demonstrated promising results in learning capacity, and the health leaders expressed enthusiasm for this mode of gaining knowledge  .
1	s in most other statistical parsing systems we therefore use the pruning technique described in Goodman   and Collins   which assigns a score to each item in the chart equal to the product of the inside probability of the item and its prior probability
2	We also note that there are a number of bootstrapping methods successfully applied to text  e.g., word sense disambiguation  , named entity instance classification  , and the extraction of parts word given the whole word  .
1	Beyond WordNet  , a wide range of resources has been developed and utilized, including extensions to WordNet   and resources based on automatic distributional similarity methods  .
1	Recently Bean and Riloff   have sought to acquire automatically some semantic patterns that can be used as contextual information to improve reference resolution, using techniques adapted from information extraction.
2	microcapillary electrophoretic RNA separation   showed higher sensitivity for the assessment of RNA quality  .
1	The GIZA++ aligner is based on IBM Model 4  .
1	To deal with the difficulties in parse-to-parse matching, Wu   utilizes inversion transduction grammar   for bilingual parsing.
1	These relations are then used for various tasks, ranging from the interpretation of a noun sequence   or a prepositional phrase  , to resolving structural ambiguity  , to merging dictionary senses for WSD  .
1	6 Related Work Several works attempt to extend WordNet with additional lexical semantic information  .
1	1 Introduction Shallow parsing has received a reasonable amount of attention in the last few years  ).
1	Our MT system was evaluated using the n-gram based Bleu   and NIST machine translation evaluation software.
1	We would expect the opposite effect with hand-aligned data  .
1	As a baseline, we use an IBM Model 4   system3 with a greedy decoder4  .
1	In  , automatically extracted collocations are judged by a lexicographer.
1	The research of opinion mining began in 1997, the early research results mainly focused on the polarity of opinion words   and treated the text-level opinion mining as a classification of either positive or negative on the number of positive or negative opinion words in one text  .
2	2 Related Work Supervised machine learning methods including Support Vector Machines   are often used in sentiment analysis and shown to be very promising  .
1	Determining the sense of an ambiguous word, using bootstrapping and texts from a different language was done by Yarowsky  , Hearst  , Diab  , and Li and Li  .
2	Maximum entropy taggers have been shown to be highly competitive on a number of tagging tasks, such as partof-speech tagging  , and namedentity recognition (Borthwick et.
1	The reliability for the two annotation tasks  ) was of 0.94 and 0.90 respectively.
1	The features are similar to the ones used in phrasal systems, and their weights are trained using max-BLEU training  .
1	This corpus-based information typically concerns sequences of 1-3 tags or words  .
1	Also, we chose to average each individual perceptron   prior to Bayesian averaging.
1	In Table 1, the MALINE row 3  shows that the English name has a palato-alveolar modification   2 As   point out, these insights are not easy to come by: These rules are based on first author Dr. Andrew Freemans experience with reading and translating Arabic language texts for more than 16 years  .
1	On the other hand,   proposed an algorithm, borrowed to the field of dynamic programming and based on the output of their previous work, to find the best alignment, subject to certain constraints, between words in parallel sentences.
1	he usefulness of likelihood ratios for collocation detection has been made explicit by Dunning   and has been confirmed by an evaluation of various collocation detection methods carried out by Evert and Krenn  
1	In supervised domain adaptation  , besides the labeled source data, we have access to a comparably small, but labeled amount of target data.
2	Data on the occurrence of the principal mycotoxins on foods and beverages are increasing due to the availability and use of modern and sensitive LC–MS/MS and GC–MS/MS methodologies suitable for simultaneous determination of mycotoxins  .
1	2.1.3 Correlation analysis As a correlation measure between terms, we use mutual information  .
1	Since an existing study incorporates these relations ad hoc  , they are apparently crucial in accurate disambiguation.
1	However, due to the computational issues with the voted perceptron, the averaged perceptron algorithm   is used instead.
1	1 Introduction Empty categories   are used in the annotation of the PENN treebank   in order to represent syntactic phenomena like constituent movement  , discontinuous constituents, and missing elements  .
1	Many corpus based statistical methods have been proposed to solve this problem, including supervised learning algorithms  , weakly supervised learning algorithms  , unsupervised learning algorithms    , and knowledge based algorithms  .
1	5.2 Translation experiments with a bigram language model In this section we consider two real translation tasks, namely, translation from English to French, trained on Europarl   and translation from German to Spanish training on the NewsCommentary corpus.
2	4 Experiments Phrase-based SMT systems have been shown to outperform word-based approaches  .
2	This is possible because the generation time is shorter, the genetic material can be manipulated easily and the cultural conditions can be optimized easily  .
1	In paraphrase generation, a text unit that matches a pattern P can be rewritten using the paraphrase patterns of P. Avarietyofmethodshavebeenproposedonparaphrase patterns extraction  .
1	We adopted the chunk representation proposed by Ramshaw and Marcus   and used four different tags: B-NUC and B-SAT for nucleus and satellite-initial tokens, and I-NUC and I-SAT for non-initial tokens, i.e., tokens inside a nucleus and satellite span.
1	11 However, modeling word order under translation is notoriously difficult  , and it is unclear how much improvement in accuracy a good model of word order would provide.
1	For this reason, name classification has been studied in solving the named entity extraction task in the NLP and information extraction communities   and various approaches reported in the MUC conferences  ).
1	Most existing methods treat word tokens as basic alignment units  , however, many languages have no explicit word boundary markers, such as Chinese and Japanese.
1	The frequency counts of dependency relationships are filtered with the loglikelihood ratio  .
1	Model parameters are estimated using maximum entropy  .
1	That is, phrases are heuristically extracted from word-level alignments produced by doing GIZA++ training on the corresponding parallel corpora  .
1	The Chinese text was tagged using the MXPOST maximum-entropy part of speech tagging tool   trained on the Penn Chinese Treebank 5.1; the English text was tagged using the TnT part of speech tagger   trained on the Wall Street Journal portion of the English Penn treebank.
1	There are many choices for modeling co-occurrence data  .
1	Specifically, we will consider a system which was developed for the ACE   task 3 and includes the following stages: name structure parsing, coreference, semantic relation extraction and event extraction  .
1	Many researchers  ;  ) have suggested that the informationtheoretic notion of mutual information score   directly captures the idea of context.
1	The starting point is the log likelihood ratio  .
1	Concrete similarity measures compare a pair of weighted context feature vectors that characterize two words  .
1	a65 The rest of the factors denote distorsion probabilities  , which capture the probability that words change their position when translated from one language into another; the probability of some French words being generated from an invisible English NULL element  , etc. See   or   for a detailed discussion of this translation model and a description of its parameters.
1	Metrics based on syntactic similarities such as the head-word chain metric    .
1	Most clustering schemes   use the average entropy reduction to decide when two words fall into the same cluster.
1	Hidden Markov models   are one of the earliest structured learning algorithms, which have recently been followedbydiscriminativelearningapproachessuch as conditional random fields    , the structured perceptron   and its large-margin variants  .
1	Networks   97.24 SVM   97.05 ME based a bidirectional inference   97.15 Guided learning for bidirectional sequence classification   97.33 AdaBoost.SDF with candidate features   97.32 AdaBoost.SDF with candidate features   97.32 SVM with candidate features   97.32 Text Chunking F=1 Regularized Winnow + full parser output   94.17 SVM-voting   93.91 ASO + unlabeled data   94.39 CRF+Reranking  94.12 ME based a bidirectional inference   93.70 LaSo     94.4 HySOL   94.36 AdaBoost.SDF with candidate featuers   94.32 AdaBoost.SDF with candidate featuers   94.30 SVM with candidate features   94.31 One of the reasons that boosting-based classifiers realize faster classification speed is sparseness of rules.
1	2 Our statistical engine 2.1 The statistical models In this study, we built an SMT engine designed to translate from French to English, following the noisy-channel paradigm flrst described by  .
1	The concept of mutual information, taken from information theory, was proposed as a measure of word association  .
2	3 Parsing Exact inference in ISBN models is not tractable, but effective approximations were proposed in  .
2	The simple slice sampler is a specialised type of MCMC auxiliary variable method   that has been popularised by Neal  , Fishman  , and Damien, Wakefield, and Walker  .
1	Using this alignment strategy, we follow   and compute one alignment for each translation direction  , and then combine them.
1	Since we approach decoding as xR transduction, the process is identical to that of constituencybased algorithms  .
2	1 Introduction IBM Model 1   is a wordalignment model that is widely used in working with parallel bilingual corpora.
2	 , Pedersen  , Yarowsky and Florian  ) as well as maximum entropy models  , Klein and Manning  ) in particular have shown a large degree of success for WSD, and have established challenging state-of-the-art benchmarks.
2	Variants of this method have been successfully used in many NLP tasks, like shallow processing  , parsing   and word alignment  .
2	The state of the art technology for relation extraction primarily relies on pattern-based approaches  .
2	A number of studies report positive results using a combination of strategies to treat adolescents  .
1	2.1 Baseline: IBM Model-1 The translation process can be viewed as operations of word substitutions, permutations, and insertions/deletions   in noisychannel modeling scheme at parallel sentence-pair level.
1	Both techniques implement variations on the approaches of   and   for the purpose of differentiating between complement and adjunct.
2	One of the most essential advantages of the chosen SSFR test for obtaining parameters of electrical machine is the fact that parameter identification of both axes may be carried out separately without interaction between the direct and quadrature axis  .
1	For example, given that each semantic class exhibits a particular syntactic behaviour, information on the semantic class should improve POStagging for adjective-noun and adjective-participle ambiguities, probably the most difficult distinctions both for humans and computers  .
1	A hierarchical alignment algorithm is a type of synchronous parser where, instead of constraining inferences by the production rules of a grammar, the constraints come from word alignments and possibly other sources  .
1	These lists are rescored with the following models:   the different models used in the decoder which are described above,   two different features based on IBM Model 1  ,   posterior probabilities for words, phrases, n-grams, and sentence length  , all calculated over the Nbest list and using the sentence probabilities which the baseline system assigns to the translation hypotheses.
2	The default synthetic voice that we used featured a well established corpus-based prosodic model  .
1	The traditional method of evaluating similarity in a semantic network by measuring the path length between two nodes   also captures this, albeit indirectly, when the semantic network is just an IS-A hierarchy: if the minimal path of IS-A links between two nodes is long, that means it is necessary to go high in the taxonomy, to more abstract concepts, in order to find their least upper bound.
1	For process  , existing methods aim to distinguish between subjective and objective descriptions in texts  .
1	Maximum Entropy Modeling     and Support Vector Machine     were used to build the classifiers in our solution.
1	Following previous work  , we assume that the tag of a word is independent of the tags of all preceding words given the tags of the previous two words  .
2	Confusion network and re-decoding have been well studied in the combination of different MT systems  .
1	Charniak   gives a thorough explanation of the equations for an HMM model, and Kupiec   describes an HMM tagging system in detail.
1	Given the estimated 3% error rate of the WSJ tagging  , they argue that the difference in performance is not sufficient to establish which of the two taggers is actually better.
1	There has also been previous work on determining whether a given text is factual or expresses opinion  ; again this work uses a binary distinction, and supervised rather than unsupervised approaches.
2	They have made semantic formalisms like those now usually associated with Davison   attractive in artificial intelligence for many years  .
2	Currently, with advances in radiotherapeutic, chemotherapeutic, and surgical techniques, limb-salvage surgery has become an accepted treatment  .
1	The usual recall and precision metrics   require either a test corpus previously annotated with the required information, or manual evaluation  .
1	1 Introduction The statistical machine translation framework   formulates the problem of translating a sentence from a source language S into a target language T as the maximization problem of the conditional probability: TM LM = argmaxT p  p ,   where p  is called a translation model  , representing the generation probability from T into S, p  is called a language model   and represents the likelihood of the target language  .
1	The phrasebased machine translation   uses the grow-diag-final heuristic to extend the word alignment to phrase alignment by using the intersection result.
1	Brent   estimated the error probabilities for each SCF experimentally from the behaviour of his SCF extractor, which detected simple morpho-syntactic cues in the corpus data.
1	Experimental results were only reported for the METEOR metric  .
2	Signals inspector such as oscilloscope, image processing library such as OpenCV, pattern matching algorithm   are integrated and ready-to-use to support that informal design technique.
1	phrase-based machine translation does away with many of the problems associated with the original word-based formulation of statistical machine translation  .
1	Therefore, the Viterbi alignment is comlmted only approximately using the method described in  .
1	This makes it suitable for discriminative SMT training, which is still a challenge for large parameter sets  .
1	For example, the entry about the Microsoft in Wikipedia has the following categories: Companies listed on NASDAQ; Cloud computing vendors; etc. Both   and   used the free-text description of the Wikipedia entity to reason about the entity type.
1	1 Introduction Word alignments were first introduced as an intermediate result of statistical machine translation systems  .
1	This is well illustrated by the Collins parser  , scrutinized by Bikel  , where several transformations are applied in order to improve the analysis of noun phrases, coordination and punctuation.
1	Introduction Log-linear models have been applied to a number of problems in NLP, for example, POS tagging  , named entity recognition  , chunking  , and parsing  .
1	Statistical parsers have been developed for TAG  , LFG  , and HPSG  , among others.
1	2.2 Brown clustering algorithm In order to provide word clusters for our experiments, we used the Brown clustering algorithm  .
1	he lexicalized model proposed by Collins     was re-implemented by one of the authors
1	ujii and Ishikawa   also work with arguments
1	Looking rst at learning times, it is obvious that learning time depends primarily on the number of training instances, which is why we can observe a difference of several orders of magnitude in learning time between the biggest training set   and the smallest training set   14 This is shown by Nivre and Scholz   in comparison to the iterative, arc-standard algorithm of Yamada and Matsumoto   and by McDonald and Nivre   in comparison to the spanning tree algorithm of McDonald, Lerman, and Pereira  .
1	We ran each estimator with the eight different combinations of values for the hyperparameters  and prime listed below, which include the optimal values for the hyperparameters found by Johnson  , and report results for the best combination for each estimator below 1.
1	 ) or Wikipedia  , and the contextual role played by an NP  ).
1	Wehope the present work will, together with Talbot and Osborne  , establish the Bloom filter as a practical alternative to conventional associative data structures used in computational linguistics.
1	4 Related Work   and   tackle the problem of segmenting Chinese while aligning it to English.
1	It has a lower bound of 0, no upper bound, better scores indicate better translations, and it tends to be highly correlated with the adequacy of outputs ;  mWER   or Multiple Word Error Rate is the edit distance in words between the system output and the closest reference translation in a set.
1	Equation   reads If the target noun appears, then it is distinguished by the majority . The log-likelihood ratio   decides in which order rules are applied to the target noun in novel context.
1	Of particular relevance is other work on parsing the Penn WSJ Treebank  .
1	In particular, mutual information   and other statistical methods such as   and frequency-based methods such as   exclude infrequent phrases because they tend to introduce too much noise.
1	In this paper we adopt a maximum entropy model   to estimate the local probabilities a28 a14 a1 a25 a19a1 a25a30a29 a2 a9a22a21 since it can incorporate diverse types of features with reasonable computational cost.
2	3.5 Anaphoricity Determination Finally, several coreference systems have successfully incorporated anaphoricity determination 660 modules   and Bean and Riloff  ).
1	The task of classifying several different uses of definite descriptions   is somewhat analogous to that for bare nouns.
2	Polar coding has also proven to be a versatile coding method capable of achieving the information-theoretic limits in a wide range of source and channel coding problems; for a representative list of such work, we cite  .
1	The techniques used to solve this problem can be roughly classified into two main categories: those relying on pre-existing knowledge resources     and those inducing distributional properties of words from corpora  .
1	Standard CI Model 1 training, initialised with a uniform translation table so that t  is constant for all source/target word pairs  , was run on untagged data for 10 iterations in each direction  .
1	Recently there have been some studies addressing domain adaptation from different perspectives  .
1	Note, that for our example the effect of the uniform additional conditioning on mother grammatical function has the same effect as the generation grammar transform of  , but without the need for the gramF-Struct Feats Grammar Rules {PRED=PRO,NUM=SG PER=3, GEN=FEM, SUBJ} PRP   she {PRED=PRO,NUM=SG PER=3, GEN=FEM, OBJ} PRP   her Table 7: Lexical item rules.
1	The forest concept is also used in machine translation decoding, for example to characterize the search space of decoding with integrated language models  .
1	  and   claim that fine-grained semantic distinctions are unlikely to be of practical value for many applications.
1	791 and score the alignment template models phrases  .
1	Finally, in section 4 we add additional features to the maxent model, and chain these models into a conditional markov model  , as used for tagging   or earlier NER work  .
1	In practice, 7-/ is very large and the model's expectation Efj cannot be computed directly, so the following approximation  is used: n E fj,~ E15 p fj  i=1 where fi  is the observed probability of the history hi in the training set.
1	We design special inference algorithms, instead of general-purpose inference algorithms used in previous works  , by taking advantage of special properties of our task.
1	This implies that the complexity of structure divergence between two languages is higher than suggested in literature  .
2	In the classic work on SMT,Brownandhiscolleagues atIBMintroduced the notion of alignment between a sentence f and its translation e and used it in the development of translation models  .
1	We split the treebank into training  , development   and test   as in  .
1	To perform minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights to maximize the systems BLEU score on development set, we used the script optimizeV5IBMBLEU.m  .
0	This method was shown to outperform the class based model proposed in   and can thus be expected to discover better clusters of words.
1	The first step is to label each node as either a head, complement, or adjunct based on the approaches of Magerman   and Collins  .
1	421 Teufel and Moens Summarizing Scientific Articles We use the kappa coefficient K   to measure stability and reproducibility, following Carletta  .
1	Subjective phrases are used by   and others in order to classify reviews or sentences as positive or negative.
0	However, it cannot handle long-distance reorderings properly and does not exploit discontinuous phrases and linguistically syntactic structure features  .
1	We tuned our system on the development set devtest2006 for the EuroParl tasks and on nc-test2007 for CzechEnglish, using minimum error-rate training   to optimise BLEU score.
1	Table 6: Lexicalized Features for Joint Models aging of the weights suggested by  .
1	In his Xtract system, Smadja   first extracted significant pairs of words that consistently co-occur within a single syntactic structure using statistical scores called distance, strength and spread, and then examined concordances of the bi-grams to find longer frequent multiword units.
1	NER is typically viewed as a sequential prediction problem, the typical models include HMM  , CRF  , and sequential application of Perceptron or Winnow  .
1	Future work will include:   applying the method to retrieve other types of collocations  , and   evaluating the method using Internet directories.
1	In NLP, vector space models have featured most prominently in information retrieval  , but have also been used for ontology learning   and word sense-related tasks  .
2	We conclude by noting that English language models currently used in speech recognition   and automated language translation   are much more powerful, employing, for example, 7-gram word models   trained on trillions of words.
1	5 Conclusions and Future Work The paper compares Structural Correspondence Learning   with   self-training   for the adaptation of a parse selection model to Wikipedia domains.
2	Statistical techniques developed for lexicalized grammars  , readily apply to CCG to improve the average parsing performance in large-scale practical applications  .
1	The tagger was tested on two corpora-the Brown corpus  ) and the Wall Street Journal corpus  .
2	The power of ConSurf, in comparison to other popular alternatives based on consensus and relative entropy approaches, is that the evolutionary rates are estimated based on the phylogenetic relationships among the homologues and the specific dynamics of the analysed sequences using advanced probabilistic evolutionary models  .
1	It has been argued that METEOR correlates better with human judgment due to higher weight on recall than precision  .
1	In parsing, the most relevant previous work is due to Collins  , who considered three binary features of the intervening material: did it contain   any word tokens at all,   any verbs,   any commas or colons?
1	On the contrary, a string-to-tree decoder  ) is a parser that applies string-to-tree rules to obtain a target parse for the source string.
1	Prominent among these properties is the semi-free Language Size LR LP Source English 40,000 87.4% 88.1%   Chinese 3,484 69.0% 74.8%   Czech 19,000 80.0%   Table 1: Results for the Collins   model for various languages   wordorder, i.e., German wordorder is fixed in some respects, but variable in others.
1	Many statistical metrics have been proposed, including pointwise mutual information    , mean and variance, hypothesis testing  , log-likelihood ratio    , statistic language model  , and so on.
1	  applied to the output of the reranking parser of Charniak and Johnson  , whereas in BE   dependencies are generated by the Minipar parser  .
1	For example, researchers   have identified semantic correlation between words and views: positive words tend to appear more frequently in positive movie and product reviews and newswire article sentences that have a positive semantic orientation and vice versa for negative reviews or sentences with a negative semantic orientation.
1	4 Building Noun Similarity Lists A lot of work has been done in the NLP community on clustering words according to their meaning in text  .
1	Our learning algorithm stems from Perceptron training in  .
1	With the help of the kappa coefficient   proposes to represent the dialog success independently from the task intrinsic complexity, thus opening the way to task generic comparative evaluation.
2	Several investigations represented both occurrence and severity of CIN were well correlated with improved survivals in various cancers  .
1	For example,   suggested two different methods: using only the alignment with the maximum probability, the so-called Viterbi alignment, or generating a set of alignments by starting from the Viterbi alignment and making changes, which keep the alignment probability high.
1	Hence, either the best translation hypothesis is directly extracted from the word graph and output, or an N-best list of translations is computed  .
1	c2008 Association for Computational Linguistics Refining Event Extraction through Cross-document Inference   Heng Ji Ralph Grishman Computer Science Department New York University New York, NY 10003, USA  @cs.nyu.edu       Abstract We apply the hypothesis of One Sense Per Discourse   to information extraction  , and extend the scope of discourse from one single document to a cluster of topically-related documents.
1	The largest corpus that Goldwater and Griffiths   studied contained 96,000 words, while Johnson   used all of the 1,173,766 words in the full Penn WSJ treebank.
1	Based on the word alignment results, if the aligned target words of any two adjacent foreign linguistic phrases can also be formed into two valid adjacent phrase according to constraints proposed in the phrase extraction algorithm by Och  , they will be extracted as a reordering training sample.
1	Relative frequencies of word-forms have been used in previous work to detect incorrect affix attachments in Bengali and English  .
1	Although ITA rates and system performance both significantly improve with coarse-grained senses  , the question about what level of granularity is needed remains.
2	Compared to earlier word-based methods such as IBM Models  , phrasebased methods such as PHARAOH are much more effective in producing idiomatic translations, and are currently the best performing methods in SMT  .
1	kanohara and Tsujii   generate ill-formed sentences by sampling a probabilistic language model and end up with pseudo-negative examples which resemble machine translation output more than they do learner texts
1	The other 5 have been suggested for Dutch by  .
1	ean and Riloff   present a system called BABAR that uses contextual role knowledge to do coreference resolution
1	In Brown et al  , the authors provide some sample subtrees resulting from such a 1,000-word clustering.
2	3.2 Comparison between SVM, Bootstrapping and LP For WSD, SVM is one of the state of the art supervised learning algorithms  , while bootstrapping is one of the state of the art semi-supervised learning algorithms  .
1	We scored systems and our own output using case-insensitive IBM-style BLEU 1.04  , METEOR 0.6   with all modules, and TER 5  .
2	This was recently followed by   who introduce state-of-the-art nearly unlexicalized PCFG parsers.
1	For our studies here, the parser employed was that of Collins   applied to the sentences of the British National Corpus  .
2	is results may be improved if more sophisticated methods and larger corpora are used to establish similarity between words  
2	Coming from the other direction, such observations about phrase reordering between different languages are precisely thekindsoffactsthatparsingapproachestomachine translation are designed to handle and do successfully handle  .
1	These dependencies differ from those used by Liu and Gildea  , in that they are extracted according to the rules of the LFG grammar and they are labelled with a type of grammatical relation that connects the head and the modifier, such as subject, determiner, etc. The presence of grammatical relation labels adds another layer of important linguistic information into the comparison and allows us to account for partial matches, for example when a lexical item finds itself in a correct relation but with an incorrect partner.
1	Errors from the sentence boundary detector in GATE   were especially problematic because they caused the Collins parser to fail, resulting in no dependency tree information.
1	We evaluate the string chosen by the log-linear model against the original treebank string in terms of exact match and BLEU score   DEF ATTR ADJ definite descriptions with adjectival modifier DEF GENARG definite descriptions with a genitive argument DEF PPADJ definite descriptions with a PP adjunct DEF RELARG definite descriptions including a relative clause DEF APP definite descriptions including a title or job description as well as a proper name   Names PROPER combinations of position/title and proper name   BARE PROPER bare proper names Demonstrative descriptions SIMPLE DEMON simple demonstrative descriptions MOD DEMON adjectivally modified demonstrative descriptions Pronouns PERS PRON personal pronouns EXPL PRON expletive pronoun REFL PRON reflexive pronoun DEMON PRON demonstrative pronouns   GENERIC PRON generic pronoun   DA PRON da-pronouns   LOC ADV location-referring pronouns TEMP ADV,YEAR Dates and times Indefinites SIMPLE INDEF simple indefinites NEG INDEF negative indefinites INDEF ATTR indefinites with adjectival modifiers INDEF CONTRAST indefinites with contrastive modifiers   INDEF PPADJ indefinites with PP adjuncts INDEF REL indefinites with relative clause adjunct INDEF GEN indefinites with genitive adjuncts INDEF NUM measure/number phrases INDEF QUANT quantified indefinites Table 5: An inventory of interesting syntactic characteristics in IS phrases Label 1   Label 2   B/A Total D-GIVEN-PRONOUN INDEF-REL 0 19 PERS PRON 39 INDEF ATTR 23 DA PRON 25 SIMPLE INDEF 17 DEMON PRON 19 GENERIC PRON 11 D-GIVEN-PRONOUN D-GIVEN-CATAPHOR 0.1 11 PERS PRON 39 SIMPLE DEF 13 DA PRON 25 DA PRON 10 DEMON PRON 19 GENERIC PRON 11 D-GIVEN-REFLEXIVE NEW 0.11 31 REFL PRON 54 SIMPLE INDEF 113 INDEF ATTR 53 INDEF NUM 32 INDEF PPADJ 26 INDEF GEN 25  Table 6: IS asymmetric pairs augmented with syntactic characteristics 822 2002).
1	Jiang and Zhai   then systematically explored a large space of features and evaluated the effectiveness of different feature subspaces corresponding to sequence, syntactic parse tree and dependency parse tree.
1	Thus, an orthogonal line of research can involve inducing classes for words which are more general than single categories, i.e., something akin to ambiguity classes  .
1	Since the texts in the RST Treebank are taken from the syntactically annotated Penn Treebank  , it is natural to ask what the relation is between the discourse structures in the RST Treebank and the syntactic structures of the Penn Treebank.
2	486 One of the most popular instantiations of loglinear models is that including phrase-based   models  .
1	An early exception to this was   itself, where Model 2 used function tags during the training process for heuristics to identify arguments  .
2	illmann and Zhang   avoided the problem by precomputing the oracle translations in advance
2	Other alternatives include an extension of the well-known   evolution strategy   for mixed integer problems, MIES   and the covariance matrix adaptation evolutionary strategy CMA-ES  .
1	The translation system is a factored phrasebased translation system that uses the Moses toolkit   for decoding and training, GIZA++ for word alignment  , and SRILM   for language models.
1	uo and Zitouni   proposed a coreference resolution approach which also explores the information from the syntactic parse trees
2	5 Comparison with Previous Top Systems and Related Work In POS tagging, the previous best performance was reported by   as summarized in Table 7.
1	3 Building the CatVar The CatVar database was developed using a combination of resources and algorithms including the Lexical Conceptual Structure   Verb and Preposition Databases  , the Brown Corpus section of the Penn Treebank  , an English morphological analysis lexicon developed for PC-Kimmo    , NOMLEX  , Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English 2For a deeper discussion and classification of Porter stemmers errors, see  .
1	Recently, Yarowsky   combined an MRD and a corpus in a bootstrapping process.
1	In his analysis of Yarowsky  , Abney   formulates several variants of bootstrapping.
1	3 2.4 Intonation Annotations For our intonation annotation, we have annotated the intonational phrase boundaries, using the ToBI   definition  .
1	At the end we ran our models once on TEST to get final numbers.2 4 Models Our experiments used phrase-based models  , which require a translation table and language model for decoding and feature computation.
1	For example, the words test and exam are similar because both of them can follow verbs such as administer, cancel, cheat on, conduct, etc. Many methods have been proposed to compute distributional similarity between words, e.g.,  .
1	Johnson   evaluates both estimation techniques on the Bayesian bitag model; Goldwater and Griffiths   emphasize the advantage in the MCMC approach of integrating out the HMM parameters in a tritag model, yielding a tagging supported by many different parameter settings.
2	The full model yields a stateof-the-art BLEU   score of 0.8506 on Section 23 of the CCGbank, which is to our knowledge the best score reported to date 410 using a reversible, corpus-engineered grammar.
1	2 Related Work Sentiment Classi cation Traditionally, categorization of opinion texts has been cast as a binary classication task  .
1	The idea caught on very quickly: Suhm and Waibel  , Mast et aL  , Warnke et al.
1	Collocations have been widely used for tasks such as word sense disambiguation    , information extraction    , and named-entity recognition  .
1	In  , an undirected graphical model is used for parse reranking.
2	The success of recent high-quality parsers   relies on the availability of such treebank corpora.
2	The algorithm is based on the Machine Learning method for word categorisation, inspired by the well known study on basic-level categories \ .
1	ch and Ney   state that AER is derived from F-Measure
1	For example, Wu   used an English-Chinese bilingual parser based on stochastic transduction grammars to identify terms, including multiword expressions.
0	The generalized perceptron proposed by Collins   is closely related to CRFs, but the best CRF training methods seem to have a slight edge over the generalized perceptron.
2	  reported very high results   for unsupervised POS tagging using Hidden Markov Models   by exploiting hand-built tag dictionaries and equivalence classes.
1	Based on the observations in  , we also limited the phrase length to 3 for computational reasons.
1	Part-ofspeech taggers are used in a few applications, such as speech synthesis   and question answering  .
1	The features used by the POS tagger, some of which are different to those from Collins   and are specific to Chinese, are shown in Table 2.
1	We automatically converted the phrase structure output of the Collins parser into the syntactic dependency representation used by our syntactic realizer, RealPro  .
1	Thus, Nakagawa   and Hall   both try to overcome the limited feature scope of graph-based models by adding global features, in the former case using Gibbs sampling to deal with the intractable inference problem, in the latter case using a re-ranking scheme.
1	Aware of this problem, Resnik and Yarowsky suggest creating the sense distance matrix based on results in experimental psychology such as Miller and Charles   or Resnik  .
2	Word segmentation and POS tagging in a joint process have received much attention in recent research and have shown improvements over a pipelined fashion  .
1	As a learning algorithm for our classification model, we used Maximum Entropy  .
2	For comparison purposes, three additional heuristically-induced alignments are generated for each system:   Intersection of both directions  );   Union of both directions  ); and   The previously bestknown heuristic combination approach called growdiag-final    ).
1	Decoding with an SCFG   can be cast as a parsing problem  , in which case we need to binarize a synchronous rule with more than two nonterminals to achieve polynomial time algorithms  .
1	Only recently the issue has drawn attention:   present an initial analysis of the factors that influence system performance in content selection.
1	McClosky et al   use sections 2-21 of the WSJ PennTreebank as seed data and between 50K to 2,500K unlabeled NANC corpus sentences as self-training data.
1	It also shows that DOP's frontier lexicalization is a viable alternative to constituent lexicalization  .
1	18 More recently, Bean and Riloff   have proposed methods for automatically extracting from a corpus heads that correlate well with discourse novelty.
1	Any encoding scheme, such as the packed representation of Talbot and Brants  , is viable here.
1	P chunks   and technical terms   fall into this difficult-toassess category
2	 , is fast and simple to apply as positioning and irradiation can be performed in a short time.
1	Given a set of terms with unknown sentiment orientation, Turney   then uses the PMI-IR algorithm   to issue queries to the web and determine, for each of these terms, its pointwise mutual information   with the two seed words across a large set of documents.
1	Of course, many applications require smoothing of the estimated distributionsthis problem also has known solutions in MapReduce  .
1	In general, they can be divided into two major categories, namely lexicalized models   and un-lexicalized models  .
1	The sentences were processed with the Collins parser   to generate automatic parse trees.
1	A new automatic metric METEOR   uses stems and synonyms of the words.
1	In natural language processing, label propagation has been used for document classification  , word sense disambiguation  , and sentiment categorization  .
2	The CSC for the visual acuity < 3/60 was 35% in the 1981 NBS  , Also, the implantation of intraocular lenses in cataract surgery has resulted in better visual outcomes.
1	Based on IBM Model 1 lexical parameters , providing a complementary probability for each tuple in the translation table.
1	Finally, our newly constructed parser, like that of  , was based on a generative statistical model.
1	The second type has clear interpretation as a probability model, but no criteria to determine the number of clusters  .
2	1 Introduction Over the past decade, there has been tremendous progress on learning parsing models from treebank data  .
1	The algorithm of   translates the traces into corresponding re-entrancies in the f-structure representation  .
1	Also, PMI-IR is useful for calculating semantic orientation and rating reviews  .
1	We adopt their idea of an utterance as a description, generated from a communicative goal, and also use an ontologically promiscuous formalism for representing meaning  .
1	This can be the base of a principled method for detecting structural contradictions  .
2	The data sets we use are publicly available from two widely used knowledge graphs, WordNet  .
1	  use hand-coded slot-filling rules to determine the semantic roles of the arguments of a nominalization.
2	e also use Cube Pruning algorithm   to speed up the translation process
1	  for English, but not identical to strictly anaphoric ones5  , since a non-anaphoric NP can corefer with a previous mention.
2	2 Treebanking The Penn Treebank   is annotated with information to make predicate-argument structure easy to decode, including function tags and markers of empty categories that represent displaced constituents.
1	Word alignment is newer, found only in a few places  .
1	Computational approaches to prosodic modeling of DAs have aimed to automatically extract various prosodic parameters--such as duration, pitch, and energy patterns--from the speech signal  .
1	At last, the dependency parser presented in   is used to generate the full parse.
1	The methodology used   is based on the definition of a function Pr  that returns the probability that tI1 is a 835 source Transferir documentos explorados a otro directorio interaction-0 Move documents scanned to other directory interaction-1 Move s canned documents to other directory interaction-2 Move scanned documents to a nother directory interaction-3 Move scanned documents to another f older acceptance Move scanned documents to another folder Figure 1: Example of CAT system interactions to translate the Spanish source sentence into English.
2	The temperament domains are Novelty Seeking, Harm Avoidance, Reward Dependence, and Persistence, and the character domains are Self-Directedness, Cooperation, and Self-Transcendence.  Reliability of the Czech translation of the method is also satisfactory.
1	Our model uses an exemplar memory that consists of 133566 verb-role-noun triples extracted from the Wall Street Journal and Brown parts of the Penn Treebank  .
0	Nonetheless, marketed EGFR antibodies have limited potential for development as ADCs because their significant binding to normal tissue causes on-target toxicity  .
1	If the input consists of sevWe also adopt the approximation that treats every sentence with its reference as a separate corpus   so that ngram counts are not accumulated, and parallel processing of sentences becomes possible.
1	We evaluate translation output using case-insensitive BLEU  , as provided by NIST, and METEOR  , version 0.6, with Porter stemming and WordNet synonym matching.
1	An example set of tags can be found in the Penn Treebank project  .
1	SO can be used to classify reviews   as positive or negative  , and applied to subjectivity analysis such as recognizing hostile messages, classifying emails, mining reviews  .
2	2.3 Classifier Training We chose maximum entropy   as our primary classifier because the highest performing systems in both the SemEval-2007 preposition sense disambiguation task   and the general word sense disambiguation task   used it.
1	1 Introduction Distributional Similarity has been an active research area for more than a decade  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .
1	arowsky   used this method for word sense disambiguation
1	It has been used for a variety of tasks, such as wide-coverage parsing  , sentence realization  , learning semantic parsers  , dialog systems  , grammar engineering  , and modeling syntactic priming  .
1	Only one word is labeled with the concept; the syntactic head word   is preferred.
1	Using the components of the row-vector bm as feature function values for the candidate translation em  , the system prior weights  can easily be trained using the Minimum Error Rate Training described in  .
1	3 Semantic Representation 3.1 The Need for Dependencies Perhaps the most common representation of text for assessing content is Bag-Of-Words or Bag-of-NGrams  .
1	Turney   applied an internet-based technique to the semantic orientation classification of phrases, which had originally been developed for word sentiment classification.
1	This can either be semi-supervised parsing, using both annotated and unannotated data   or unsupervised parsing, training entirely on unannotated text.
2	3 Previous Work The idea of employing n-gram co-occurrence statistics to score the output of a computer system against one or more desired reference outputs was first successfully implemented in the BLEU metric for machine translation  .
1	There are similarities with dependency grammars here because such constraint graphs are also produced by dependency grammars    .
1	The difference in accuracy between a SVM model applied to RRR dataset   and the same experiment applied to TB2 dataset   88.2 RRR Average human, whole sentence   93.2 RRR Maximum Likelihood-based   79.7 AP Maximum entropy, words   77.7 RRR Maximum entropy, words & classes   81.6 RRR Decision trees   77.7 RRR Transformation-Based Learning   81.8 WordNet Maximum-Likelihood based   84.5 RRR Maximum-Likelihood based   86.1 TB2 Decision trees & WSD   88.1 RRR WordNet Memory-based Learning   84.4 RRR LexSpace Maximum entropy, unsupervised   81.9 Maximum entropy, supervised   83.7 RRR Neural Nets   86.0 RRR WordNet Boosting   84.4 RRR Semi-probabilistic   84.31 RRR Maximum entropy, ensemble   85.5 RRR LSA SVM   84.8 RRR Nearest-neighbor   86.5 RRR DWS FN dataset, w/o semantic features   91.79 FN PR-WWW FN dataset, w/ semantic features   92.85 FN PR-WWW TB2 dataset, best feature set   93.62 TB2 PR-WWW Table 5: Accuracy of PP-attachment ambiguity resolution   basic experiment) is 2.9%.
1	For classi cation, we use a maximum entropy model  , from the logistic regression package in Weka  , with all default parameter settings.
1	Previous approaches for training CRFs have either   opted for a training method that no longer maximizes the likelihood,  , Roth and Yih  ) 1, or   opted for a 1 Both McCallum and Wellner   and Roth and Yih   used the voted perceptron algorithm   to train intractable CRFs.
1	Fortunately, using distributional characteristics of term contexts, it is feasible to induce part-of-speech categories directly from a corpus of suf cient size, as several papers have made clear  .
1	As to analysis of NPs, there have been a lot of work on statistical techniques for lexical dependency parsing of sentences  , and these techniques potentially can be used for analysis of NPs if appropriate resources for NPs are available.
1	We also compare our algorithm to Structural Correspondence Learning    .
2	2 Evaluation Metrics Currently, the most widely used automatic MT evaluation metric is the NIST BLEU-4  .
1	However, the maximum entropy   was found to yield higher accuracy than nave Bayes in a subsequent comparison by Klein and Manning  , who used a different subset of either Senseval-1 or Senseval-2 English lexical sample data.
1	Finally, our modeling approaches follow the recent work on both local classifier-based modeling of complex learning problems  , as well as global discriminative approaches based on CRFs  , SVM  , and the Perceptron algorithm   that we used in our experiments.
1	The mutual information clustering algorithm  were used for this.
2	Equol is similar in structure to estradiol   and is a more potent estrogen mimic than daidzein  .
1	Like Collins  , the decoder is the same for both the perceptron and the log-linear parsing models; the only change is the method for setting the weights.
1	Specifically, three features are used to instantiate the templates:  POS tags on both sides: We assign POS tags using the MXPOST tagger   for English and Chinese, and Connexor for Spanish.
1	In previous work  , we developed an unsupervised learning algorithm that automatically recognizes definite NPs that are existential without syntactic modification because their meaning is universally understood.
1	These are identical to prior work  , except that we add a root configuration that aligns the target parent-child pair to null and the head word of the source sentence, respectively.
0	Compared to a basic treebank grammar  , the grammars of highaccuracy parsers weaken independence assumptions by splitting grammar symbols and rules with either lexical   or nonlexical   conditioning information.
1	1 Yarowsky   proposes a method for word sense   disambiguation that is based on a bootstrapping technique, which we refer to here as Monolingual Bootstrapping  .
1	1 Introduction Previous work on sentiment categorization makes an implicit assumption that a single score can express the polarity of an opinion text  .
1	The parser is coupled with an on-line averaged perceptron   as the learning method.
0	For comparison purposes, we revisit a fullygenerative Bayesian model for unsupervised coreference resolution recently introduced by Haghighi and Klein  , discuss its potential weaknesses and consequently propose three modifications to their model  .
2	evaluations on the widely used WSJ corpus of the Penn Treebank   show that the accuracy of these parsers still lags behind the state-of-theart.
1	Unlike Choueka  , Church and Hanks   identify as collocations both interrupted and uninterrupted sequences of words.
1	Probability Based Commensurability Charniak and Goldman   started out with a model very similar to Hobbs et al. , but became concerned with 227 the lack of theoretical grounding for Ihe number, in rules, much as we we.re.
1	For a full derivation of the modified updates and for quite technical convergence proofs, see Collins, Schapire and Singer  .
2	Because of this property, vector space models have been used successfully both in computational linguistics   and in cognitive science  .
1	For each language pair, we use two development sets: one for Minimum Error Rate Training  , and the other for tuning the scale factor for MBR decoding.
1	Distributional clustering and dimensionality reduction techniques are typically applied when linguistically meaningful classes are desired  ; probabilistic models have been used to find classes that can improve smoothing and reduce perplexity  .
1	Moreover, an F-score optimization method for logistic regression has also been proposed  .
1	The annotation guidelines for the Penn Treebank flattened noun phrases to simplify annotation  , so there is no complex structure to NPs.
1	 , Turney  ), we are interested in fine-grained subjectivity analysis, which is concerned with subjectivity at the phrase or clause level.
1	Recent work   on this task explored a variety of methodologies to address this issue.
1	In some recent grammar induction and MT work   it has been shown that even a small amount of knowledge about a language, in the form of grammar fragments, treelets or prototypes, can go a long way in helping with the induction of a grammar from raw text or with alignment of parallel corpora.
2	They have been successfully applied in several tasks, such as information retrieval   and harvesting thesauri  .
1	Chen & Martin   introduced one of those similarity schemes, ?two-level SoftTFIDF??
2	Penn Treebank  was also used to induce part-of-speech   taggers because the corpus contains very precise and detailed POS markers as well as bracket, annotations.
2	In the news article domain, ROUGE scores have been shown to be generally highly correlated with human evaluation in content match  .
1	1.2 Recent work A few publications, so far, deal with POS-tagging of Northern Sotho; most prominently, de Schryver and de Pauw   have presented the MaxTag method, a tagger based on Maximum Entropy 38 Learning   as implemented in the machine learning package Maxent  .
1	Our approach permits an alternative to minimum error-rate training  ; it is discriminativebuthandleslatentstructureandregularization in more principled ways.
1	Following the evaluation methodology of Wong and Mooney  , we performed 4 runs of the standard 10-fold cross validation and report the averaged performance in this section using the standard automatic evaluation metric BLEU   and NIST  2.
1	Due to the importance of WN for NLP tasks, substantial research was done on direct or indirect automated extension of the English WN  ) or WN in other languages  ).
1	The statistical machine translation community relies on the Bleu metric for the purposes of evaluating incremental system changes and optimizing systems through minimum error rate training  .
2	Maximum entropy models   are a class of exponential models which require no unwarranted independence assumptions and have proven to be very successful in general for integrating information from disparate and possibly overlapping sources.
0	Unfortunately, despite all the extensive work conducted worldwide through basic In Vitro method .
1	TER-based: TER-based word alignment method   is an extension of multiple string matching algorithm based on Levenshtein edit distance  .
1	We also tested other automatic methods: content-based evaluation, BLEU   and ROUGE-1  , and compared their results with that of evaluation by revision as reference.
1	Making such an assumption is reasonable since POS taggers that can achieve accuracy of 96% are readily available to assign POS to unrestricted English sentences  .
1	As a side product, we find empirical evidence to suggest that the effectiveness of rule lexicalization techniques   and parent annotation techniques   is due to the fact that both lead to a reduction in perplexity in the automata induced from training corpora.
1	It is interesting to note that, while the study of how the granularity of context-free grammars   affects the performance of a parser  = = =f1  = =f2  = =f3  =f4 Figure 1: Cand f-structures with  links for the sentence GSC4ESESDOAIC1D3D2 of grammar transforms   and lexicalisation  ) has attracted substantial attention, to our knowledge, there has been a lot less research on this subject for surface realisation, a process that is generally regarded as the reverse process of parsing.
1	Collins  s parser and its reimplementation and extension by Bikel   have by now been applied to a variety of languages: English  , Czech  , German  , Spanish  , French  , Chinese   and, according to Dan Bikels web page, Arabic.
1	BLEU: BLEU score, which computes the ratio of n-gram for the translation results found in reference translations  .
1	The most common answer is component testing, where the component is compared against a standard of goodness, usually the Penn Treebank for English  , allowing a numerical score of precision and recall  .
0	Though taggers based on dependency networks  , SVM  , MaxEnt  , CRF  , and other methods may reach slightly better results, their train/test cycle is orders of magnitude longer.
1	FollowingJohnson ,Iusevariational Bayes EM   during the M-step for the transition distribution: l+1j|i = f f    f  = exp )   60   = braceleftBigg g  ifv> 7    1v o.w.
1	Ramshaw and Marcus  used transformation-based learning, an error-driven learning technique introduced by Eric Bn11 , to locate chunks in the tagged corpus.
1	Close to the problem studied here is Jing and McKeowns   cut-and-paste method founded on EndresNiggemeyers observations.
1	6 Related works After the work of Ramshaw and Marcus  , many machine learning techniques have been applied to the basic chunking task, such as Support Vector Machines  , Hidden Markov Model , Memory Based Learning  , Conditional Random Fields  , and so on.
1	In   a standard phrase-based model is augmented with more than a million features whose weights are trained discriminatively by a variant of the perceptron algorithm.
1	Models of that form include hidden Markov models   as well as discriminative tagging models based on maximum entropy classification  , conditional random fields  , and large-margin techniques  .
1	Again, we find the clearest patterns in the graphs for precision, where Malt has very low precision near the root but improves with increasing depth, while MST shows the opposite trend  .
2	Apocynin is an effective inhibitor of NADPH oxidase  .
2	The state-of-the-art SMT system Moses implements a distance-based reordering model   and a distortion model, operating with rewrite patterns extracted from a phrase alignment table  .
2	It can be expected that the log-likelihood ratio produces an accurate ranking of word pairs that highly correlates with human judgment  , although there are other measures which come close in performance  .
1	Based on the data seen, a maximum entropy model   offers an expression   for the probability that there exists coreference C between a mention mi and a mention mj.
2	First, several of the best-performing parsers on the WSJ treebank   are cases of history-based models.
1	6 The Experimental Results We used the Penn Treebank   to perform empirical experiments on this parsing model.
1	Several papers have looked at higher-order representations, but have not examined the equivalence of syn/para distributions when formalized as Markov chains  .
1	Furthermore, statistical generation systems   could use  as a means of directly optimizing information ordering, much in the same way MT systems optimize model parameters using BLEU as a measure of translation quality  .
1	To achieve robust training, Daume III and Marcu   employed the averaged perceptron   and ALMA  .
1	Building on the annotations from the Wall Street Journal   portion of the Penn Treebank  , the project added several new layers of semantic annotations, such as coreference information, word senses, etc. In its first release   through the Linguistic Data Consortium  , the project manually sense-tagged more than 40,000 examples belonging to hundreds of noun and verb types with an ITA of 90%, based on a coarse-grained sense inventory, where each word has an average of only 3.2 senses.
2	We report results using the well-known automatic evaluation metrics Bleu  .
1	Although this approach can give inaccurate estimates, the counts given to the incorrect senses will disperse randomly throughout the hierarchy as noise, and by accumulating counts up the hierarchy we will tend to gather counts from the correct senses of related words  .
2	Our interpretation is more useful than past interpretations involving marginal constraints   or maximum-entropy models   as it can recover the exact formulation of interpolated Kneser-Ney, and actually produces superior results.
1	To achieve step  , we first apply a set of headfinding rules which are similar to those described in  .
2	iero Search Refinements Huang and Chiang   offer several refinements to cube pruning to improve translation speed
1	  considered some location constrains in meeting summarization evaluation, which utilizes speaker information to some extent.
0	Our method follows and substantially extends the earlier work of Liu and Gildea  , who use syntactic features and unlabelled dependencies to evaluate MT quality, outperforming BLEU on segment-level correlation with human judgement.
1	Itowever, Harris' methodology implies also to simplify and transform each parse tree 2, so as to obtain so-called ""elementary sentences"" exhibiting the main conceptual classes for the domain   needs a six million word corpus in order to extract noun similarities from predicate-argunlent structures.
1	1 Introduction The importance of learning to manipulate monolingual paraphrase relationships for applications like summarization, search, and dialog has been highlighted by a number of recent efforts  .
1	The model scaling factors M1 are trained on a development corpus according to the final recognition quality measured by the word error rate   .
1	We are currently investigating more challenging problems like multiple category classification using the Reuters-21578 data set   and subjective sentiment classification  .
1	  produced a corpus of 4,000 questions annotated with syntactic trees, and obtained an improvement in parsing accuracy for Bikels reimplementation of the Collins parser   by training a new parser model with a combination of newspaper and question data.
1	Most of the early work in this area was based on postulating generative probability models of language that included parse structures  .
1	4An adaptation of the averaged perceptron algorithm   is used to tune the model parameters.
1	Because it is not feasible here to have humans judge the quality of many sets of translated data, we rely on an array of well known automatic evaluation measures to estimate translation quality :  BLEU   is the geometric mean of the n-gram precisions in the output with respect to a set of reference translations.
1	The models in the comparative study by Klein and Manning   did not include such features, and so, again for consistency of comparison, we experimentally verified that our maximum entropy model   consistently yielded higher scores than when the features were not used, and   consistently yielded higher scores than nave Bayes using the same features, in agreement with Klein and Manning  .
1	5 Results We present results that compare our system against the baseline Pharaoh implementation   and MER training scripts provided for this workshop.
2	It is based on Incremental Sigmoid Belief Networks  , a class of directed graphical model for structure prediction problems recently proposed in  , where they were demonstrated to achieve competitive results on the constituent parsing task.
1	It is clear that Appendix B contains far fewer true non-compositional phrases than Appendix A. 7 Related Work There have been numerous previous research on extracting collocations from corpus, e.g.,   and  .
0	SVM and MaxEnt have proved successful in information structure analysis  ) but, to the best of our knowledge, their semi-supervised versions have not been used for AZ of full articles.
1	3Huang and Chiang   describes the cube growing algorithm in further detail, including the precise form of the successor function for derivations.
1	Following  , we call the first the source domain, and the second the target domain.
1	he Penn Wall Street Journal treebank   was used as training and test data
1	For English, self-training contributes 0.83% absolute improvement to the PCFG-LA parser, which is comparable to the improvement obtained from using semi-supervised training with the twostage parser in  .
1	he models were originally introduced in Collins  ; the current article 1 gives considerably more detail about the models and discusses them in greater depth
1	We trained three Arabic-English syntax-based statistical MT systems   using max-B training  : one on a newswire development set, one on a weblog development set, and one on a combined development set containing documents from both genres.
1	  proposed a summarization system based on the draft and revision. Jing and McKeown   proposed a system based on extraction and cut-and-paste generation. Our abstractors performed the same cut-and-paste operations that Jing and McKeown noted in their work, and we think that our two-step model will be a reasonable starting point for our subsequent research.
1	We also report the result of our translation quality in terms of both BLEU   and TER   against four human reference translations.
1	Training Set  : There are many labeled English corpora available on the Web and we used the corpus constructed for multi-domain sentiment classification   9 , because the corpus was large-scale and it was within similar domains as the test set.
1	  observe that their predominant sense method is not performing as well for 3We use the Lesk   similarity as implemented by the WordNet::similarity package  .
1	The information content of this set is defined as mutual information I )  .
1	  defined two local search operations for their 1-to-N alignment models 3, 4 and 5.
1	t also has close links with theoretical work in situation semantics  
1	This preprocessing step can be accomplished by applying the GIZA++ toolkit   that provides Viterbi alignments based on IBM Model-4.
1	Mathematical details are fully described in  .
1	The model was trained on sections 221 from the English Penn Treebank  .
1	4 Related Work 4.1 Acquisition of Classes of Instances Although some researchers focus on re-organizing or extending classes of instances already available explicitly within manually-built resources such as Wikipedia   or WordNet   or both  , a large body of previous work focuses on compiling sets of instances, not necessarily labeled, from unstructured text.
0	Formalin-fixed samples were routinely processed for histology and relative levels of cell proliferation and apoptosis were determined by counting the number of mitotic figures and apoptotic bodies among 2000 to 10,000 tumor cells in hematoxylin and eosin-stained sections using established morphological features, as previously described.  Apoptotic cells in xenograft tumors stained for cleaved caspase-3 by immunohistochemistry but this technique did not improve sensitivity or specificity  .
1	Furthermore, WASP1++ employs minimum error rate training   to directly optimize the evaluation metrics.
1	First, even when sentiment is the desired focus, researchers in sentiment analysis have shown that a two-stage approach is often beneficial, in which subjective instances are distinguished from objective ones, and then the subjective instances are further classified according to polarity  .
1	We obtained word alignments of training data by first running GIZA++   and then applying the refinement rule grow-diag-final-and  .
1	The toolkit also implements suffixarray grammar extraction   and minimum error rate training  .
1	5 Results and Discussion The system with online learning and Nivres parsing algorithm was trained on the data released by CoNLL Shared Task Organizers for all the ten languages  .
1	We can confirm that changing the dimensionality parameter h has rather little effect  , which is in line with previous findings  .
1	While previous researchers have used agglomerative nesting clustering  , Futrelle and Gauch  ), comparisons with our work are difficult to draw, due to their use of the 1,000 commonest words from their respective corpora.
1	17 The justification for this is that there is an estimated 3% error rate in the hand-assigned POS tags in the treebank  , and we didnt want this noise to contribute to dependency errors.
1	The model scaling factors M1 are optimized with respect to the BLEU score as described in  .
1	The learning algorithm for level-0 dependency is similar to the guided learning algorithm for labelling as described in  .
1	Following  , we computed the skip bi-gram score using both the sentence pool and the query pool.
1	The simplest one is the BIO representation scheme  , where a B denotes the first item of an element and an I any non-initial item, and a syllable with tag O is not a part of any element.
1	This simplified version does not take word classes into account as described in  .
1	In addition, we also made a word alignment available, which was derived using a variant of the current default method for word alignment  Och and Ney  s refined method.
2	In the area of statistical machine translation  , recently a combination of the BLEU evaluation metric   and the bootstrap method for statistical significance testing   has become popular  .
1	In the absence of an annotated corpus, dependencies can be derived by other means, e.g. part413 of-speech probabilities can be approximated from a raw corpus as in  , word-sense dependencies can be derived as definition-based similarities, etc. Label dependencies are set as weights on the arcs drawn between corresponding labels.
1	7 Experiments To show the effectiveness of cross-language mention propagation information in improving mention detection system performance in Arabic, Chinese and Spanish, we use three SMT systems with very competitive performance in terms of BLEU11  .
1	For both experiments, we used dependency trees extracted from the Penn Treebank   using the head rules and dependency extractor from Yamada and Matsumoto  .
1	The problem is typically presented in log-space, which simplifies computations, but otherwise does not change the problem due to the monotonicity of the log function   log p  = summationdisplay m m hm    Phrase-based models   are limited to the mapping of small contiguous chunks of text.
1	e also trained an HMM aligner as described in DeNero and Klein   and used the posteriors of this model as features
1	6.1 Interand Intra-annotator agreement We measured pairwise agreement among annotators in computational linguistics for measuring agreement in category judgments  .
1	The performance of the related work   is listed in Table4.
1	These methods have reported performance in the range of 95-99% ""correct"" by word  .
1	 ), concordancing for bilingual lexicography  , computerassisted language learning, corpus linguistics (Melby.
1	Its rule binarization is described in  .
1	For the Brown corpus, we based our division on  .
1	For instance, one might be interested in frequencies of co-occurences of a word with other words and phrases    , or one might be interested in inducing wordclasses from the text by collecting frequencies of the left and right context words for a word in focus  .
1	The refined grammar is estimated using a variant of the forward-backward algorithm  .
2	…the finger BP measurement method  , a device that provides continuous non-invasive monitoring of beat-to-beat BP, and is therefore a useful non-invasive alternative to intra-arterial BP measurements  .
1	Previous work has shown that data collected through the Mechanical Turk service is reliable and comparable in quality with trusted sources  .
2	Recently, graph-based methods have proved useful for a number of NLP and IR tasks such as document re-ranking in ad hoc IR   and analyzing sentiments in text  .
1	2 WordNet-based semantic relatedness measures 2.1 Basic measures Two similarity/distance measures from the Perl package WordNet-Similarity written by   are used.
1	Instead, we opt to utilize the Stanford NER tagger   over the sentences in a document and annotate each NP with the NER label assigned to that mention head.
1	Recently, several solutions to the problem of tagging unknown words have been presented  .
1	For extrinsic evaluation of machine translation, we use the BLEU metric  .
1	There are also research work on automatically classifying movie or product reviews as positive or negative  .
1	918 English For English we used the Wall Street Journal section of the Penn Treebank  .
1	3 Incremental Parsing Method Based on Adjoining Operation In order to avoid the problem of infinite local ambiguity, the previous works have adopted the following approaches:   a beam search strategy  ,   limiting the allowable chains to those actually observed in the treebank  , and   transforming the parse trees with a selective left-corner transformation   before inducing the allowable chains and allowable triples  .
1	In addition, their system does not classify non-anaphoric pronouns, A third paper that has significantly influenced our work is that of  .
1	  follow   in using the noisy channel model, by decomposing the translation decisions modeled by the translation model into different types, and inducing probability distributions via maximum likelihood estimation over each decision type.
1	This finding has been previously reported, among others, in Liu and Gildea  .
2	found good results with the OATS technique in 86-90% of patients after a follow-up period of three years  .
1	For example, in machine translation evaluation, approaches such as BLEU   use n-gram overlap comparisons with a model to judge overall goodness, with higher n-grams meant to capture fluency considerations.
2	Section 4 describes the online training procedure and compares it to the well known perceptron training algorithm  .
1	Similarly, prototype-driven learning     optimizes the joint marginal likelihood of data labeled with prototype input features for each label.
1	Table 1 shows theresultsalongwithB andthethreemetricsthat achieved higher correlations than B: semantic role overlap  , ParaEval recall  , and METEOR  .
1	Thus, equation   can be rewritten as  = i p i iii i i eppfef )| | |  4.2 Lexical Weight Given a phrase pair ), .
2	The most widely used single-word-based statistical alignment models   have been proposed in  .
1	1 Introduction Previous corpus-based sense disambiguation methods require substantial amounts of sense-tagged training data   or aligned bilingual corpora  .
2	Eigenvector centrality in particular has been successfully applied to many different types of networks, including hyperlinked web pages  , lexical networks  , and semantic networks  .
1	or placing the head the center function center    is used: the average position of the source words with which the target word e i1 is aligned
1	The way a decoder constructs translation hypotheses is directly related to the weights for different model features in a SMT system, which are usually optimized for a given set of models with minimum error rate training     to achieve better translation performance.
1	3.1 Exhaustive search by tree fragments This method generates all possible tree fragments rooted by each node in the source parse tree or forest, and then matches all the generated tree fragments against the source parts   of translation rules to extract the useful rules  .
2	  describe a novel algorithm for entropy estimation for which they claim very fast convergence time; using no more than about five pages of text, they can achieve nearly the same accuracy as  .
1	This resembles the re-ranking approach  .
1	Obtaining a word-aligned corpus usually involves training a word-based translation models   in each directions and combining the resulting alignments.
1	One example is the algorithm for word sense disambiguation in  .
1	Such a technique has been used with TER to combine the output of multiple translation systems  .
1	As expected, as we double the size of the data, the BLEU score   increases.
2	-Theory and Agreement Indices Two well-known measures for capturing the quality of manual annotations are agreement percentages and the kappa statistic  
1	in   proposed a word similarity measure based on the distributio nal pattern of words which allows to construct a thesaurus using a parsed corpus
1	e adopted the stop condition suggested in Berger et al. 1996 the maximization of the likelihood on a cross-validation set of samples which is unseen at the parameter esti~_tion
1	In this paper, we bring forward the first idea by studying the issue of how to utilize structured syntactic features for phrase reordering in a phrase-based SMT system with BTG   constraints  .
1	For the statistics-based approaches, Bean and Riloff   developed a statistics-based method for automatically identifying existential definite NPs which are non-anaphoric.
1	3 OverviewofExtractionWork 3.1 English As one mightexpect,the bulk of the collocation extractionwork concernsthe English language:  , amongmany others1.
1	For example,   developed a system to identify inflammatory texts and   developed methods for classifying reviews as positive or negative.
1	Some researchers   targeted nouns, noun phrases and verb phrases.
1	5 Discussion As stated above, we aim to build an unsupervised generative model for named entity clustering, since such a model could be integrated with unsupervised coreference models like Haghighi and Klein   for joint inference.
1	Several approaches have been proposed in the context of word sense disambiguation  , named entity   classification  , patternacquisitionforIE , or dimensionality reduction for text categorization    .
1	But if one limits the information used for disambiguation of the PPattachment to include only the verb, the noun representing its object, the preposition and the main noun in the PP, the accuracy for human decision degrades from 93.2% to 88.2%   on a dataset extracted from Penn Treebank  .
1	hese include the bootstrapping approach   and the context clustering approach  
1	The node mapping function f for the entire tree thus has a different role from the alignment function in the IBM statistical translation model  ; the role of the latter includes the linear ordering of words in the target string.
1	High quality word alignments can yield more accurate phrase-pairs which improve quality of a phrase-based SMT system  .
1	 , we introduced the Movie Review Polarity Dataset Enriched with Annotator Rationales.8 It is based on the dataset of Pang and Lee  ,9 which consists of 1000 positive and 1000 negative movie reviews, tokenized and divided into 10 folds  .
1	4 Experimental Work A part of the Wall Street Journal   which had been processed in the Penn Treebanck Project   was used in the experiments.
1	Once an acceptable rate of interjudge agreement was verified on the first nine clusters   of 0.68), the remaining 11 clusters were annotated by one judge each.
1	The model is often further restricted so that each source word is assigned to exactly one target word  .
1	We rescore the ASR N-best lists with the standard HMM   and IBM   MT models.
2	Moreover, the deterministic dependency parser of Yamada and Matsumoto  , when trained on the Penn Treebank, gives a dependency accuracy that is almost as good as that of Collins   and Charniak  .
1	If distributional similarity is conceived of as substitutability, as Weeds and Weir   and Lee   emphasize, then asymmetries arise when one word appears in a subset of the contexts in which the other appears; for example, the adjectives that typically modify apple are a subset of those that modify fruit,sofruit substitutes for apple better than apple substitutes for fruit.
1	We set all weights by optimizing Bleu   using minimum error rate training     on a separate development set of 2,000 sentences  , and we used them in a beam search decoder   to translate 2,000 test sentences   into English.
1	For the classifier, we used the OpenNLP MaxEnt implementation   of the maximum entropy classification algorithm  .
1	4.3 Adaptation for unknown word2 The unknown word problem is an important issue for domain adaptation .
1	The tree-based reranker includes the features described in   as well as features based on non-projective edge attributes explored in  .
1	Turney   reported that the NEAR operator outperformed simple page co-occurrence for his purposes; our early experiments informally showed the same for this work.
1	Becausesuchapproachesdirectly learn a generative model over phrase pairs, they are theoretically preferable to the standard heuristics for extracting the phrase pairs from the many-to-one word-level alignments produced by the IBM series models   or the Hidden Markov Model    .
1	In our SRL system, we select maximum entropy   as a classi er to implement the semantic role labeling system.
1	Kanayama and Nasukawa used both intraand inter-sentential co-occurrence to learn polarity of words and phrases  .
2	The CDR   is assigned with access to clinical and cognitive test information, independent of performance on the battery of neuropsychological tests used for this research study, and has been shown to have high expert inter-annotator reliability  .
0	Even the creators of BLEU point out that it may not correlate particularly well with human judgment at the sentence level  , a problem also noted by   and  .
2	Synchronous parsing models have been explored with moderate success  .
1	In contrast to the opinion extracts produced by Pang and Lee  , our summaries are not text extracts, but rather explicitly identify and 337 characterize the relations between opinions and their sources.
2	Similarly, if the task is to distinguish between binary, coarse sense distinction, then current WSD techniques can achieve very high accuracy  ).
1	EnglishChinese   and EnglishSpanish  .
1	The method uses a translation model based on IBM Model 1  , in which translation candidates of a phrase are generated by combining translations and transliterations of the phrase components, and matching the result against a large corpus.
1	As a common strategy, POS guessers examine the endings of unknown words   along with their capitalization, or consider the distribution of unknown words over specific parts-of-speech  .
1	his model is very similar to Smith and Eisner  
1	We further assume that the degree of difficulty of a phrase is directly correlated with the quality of the translation produced by the MT system, which can be approximated using an automatic evaluation metric, such as BLEU  .
1	Two more recent investigations are by Yarowsky,  , and later, Mihalcea,  .
1	The model scaling factors  1 ,, 5 and the word and phrase penalties are optimized with respect to some evaluation criterion   such as BLEU score.
1	3 We then run Collins parser  , using just the sentence pairs where parsing succeeds with a negative log likelihood below 200.
1	OS tag the text using Ratnaparkhi  
2	.1 The Yarowsky algorithm Yarowsky   sparked considerable interest in bootstrapping with his successful method for word sense disambiguation
0	Although such approaches have been employed effectively  , there appears to remain considerable room for improvement.
1	In the field of eomputationa.1 linguistics, mutual information \  are suggested.
1	1113: Recursive DP equations for summing over t and a. alignments are treated as a hidden variable to be marginalized out.10 Optimization problems of this form are by now widely known in NLP  , and have recently been used for machinetranslationaswell .
1	However, by exploiting the fact that the underlying scores assigned to competing hypotheses, w , vary linearly w.r.t. changes in the weight vector, w, Och   proposed a strategy for finding the global minimum along any given search direction.
1	For this reason, each preposition and verb was assigned a weight based on the proportion of occurrences of that word in the Penn Treebank   which are labelled with a spatial meaning.
1	    to train this probability model).
1	Most previous work exploiting unsupervised training data for inferring POS tagging models has focused on semi-supervised methods in the in which the learner is provided with a lexicon specifying the possible tags for each word   or a small number of prototypes for each POS  .
1	Goldwater and Griffiths   evaluated against the reduced tag set of 17 tags developed by Smith and Eisner  , while Johnson   evaluated against the full Penn Treebank tag set.
1	We compare those algorithms to generalized iterative scaling    , non-preconditioned CG, and voted perceptron training  .
1	Most of researchers focus on how to extract useful textual features   for determining the semantic orientation of the sentences using machine learning algorithm  .
1	As with conventional smoothing methods  , triangulation increases the robustness of phrase translation estimates.
2	The most notable of these include the trigram HMM tagger  , maximum entropy tagger  , transformation-based tagger  , and cyclic dependency networks  .
2	1 Introduction Parsing technology has come a long way since Charniak   demonstrated that a simple treebank PCFG performs better than any other parser   on parsing the WSJ Penn treebank  .
1	Otherwise they are generated along with the words using the same approach as in  .
1	2 Translation Models A translation model can be constructed automatically from texts that exist in two languages    .
1	Previous work on linguistic annotation pipelines   has enforced consistency from one stage to the next.
0	Even the creators of BLEU point out that it may not correlate particularly well with human judgment at the sentence level  .
0	After a brief period following the introduction of generally accepted and widely used metrics, BLEU   and NIST  , when it seemed that this persistent problem has finally been solved, the researchers active in the field of machine translation   started to express their worries that although these metrics are simple, fast and able to provide consistent results for a particular system during its development, they are not sufficiently reliable for the comparison of different systems or different language pairs.
1	In addition, Wu   used a stochastic inversion transduction grammar to simultaneously parse the sentence pairs to get the word or phrase alignments.
1	The second approach   takes triples   and  , like those in Table 10, as training data for acquiring semantic knowledge and performs PP-attachment disambiguation on quadruples.
1	Estimated clues are derived from the parallel data using, for example, measures of co-occurrence  ), statistical alignment models  ), or string similarity measures  ).
1	The tool set for TEA is constantly being extended, recent additions include a prototype symbolic classifier, shallow parser  , sentence segmentation algorithm   and a POS tagger  .
1	The system is tested on base noun-phrase   chunking using the Wall Street Journal corpus  .
1	SMT Team   also used minimum error training as in Och  , but used a large number of feature functions.
2	Averaged perceptron  , which has been successfully applied to several tagging and parsing reranking tasks: The performance of the baseline model SCISSOR+ compared with SCISSOR  .
0	While the idea of exploiting multiple news reports for paraphrase acquisition is not new, previous efforts   have been restricted to at most two news sources.
2	The core technology of the proposed method, i.e., the automatic evaluation of translations, was developed in research aiming at the efficient development of Machine Translation   technology  .
1	??word class: Turney   measures polarity using only adjectives, however in our approach we consider the noun, the verb, the adverb and the adjective content words.
1	Also, the aspect of generalizing features across different products is closely related to fully supervised domain adaptation  , and we plan to combine our approach with the idea from Daume III   to gain insights into whether the composite back-off features exhibit different behavior in domain-general versus domain-specific feature sub-spaces.
1	4 Methodology 4.1 Data In order to be able to compare our results with the results obtained by other researchers, we worked with the same data sets already used by   for NP and SV detection.
1	It would be necessary to apply either semiautomatic or automatic methods such as those in   to extend FrameNet coverage for final application to machine translation tasks.
1	73 ID Participant BBN-COMBO BBN system combination   CMU-COMBO Carnegie Mellon University system combination   CMU-GIMPEL Carnegie Mellon University Gimpel   CMU-SMT Carnegie Mellon University SMT   CMU-STATXFER Carnegie Mellon University Stat-XFER   CU-TECTOMT Charles University TectoMT   CU-BOJAR Charles University Bojar   CUED Cambridge University   DCU Dublin City University   LIMSI LIMSI   LIU Linkoping University   LIUM-SYSTRAN LIUM / Systran   MLOGIC Morphologic   PCT a commercial MT provider from the Czech Republic RBMT16 Babelfish, Lingenio, Lucy, OpenLogos, ProMT, SDL   SAAR University of Saarbruecken   SYSTRAN Systran   UCB University of California at Berkeley   UCL University College London   UEDIN University of Edinburgh   UEDIN-COMBO University of Edinburgh system combination   UMD University of Maryland   UPC Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya, Barcelona   UW University of Washington   XEROX Xerox Research Centre Europe   Table 2: Participants in the shared translation task.
1	For example, sentence alignment of bilingual texts are performed just by measuring sentence lengths in words or in characters  , or by statistically estimating word level correspondences  .
1	In this paper, we use IBM model 1   in order to get the probability P  as follows.
1	Peter F. Brown, Vincent J. Della Pietra, Petere V. deSouza, Jenifer C. Lai, and Robert L. Mercer.
1	We also present the results of \  in Table 4.
1	This leads to a good amount of work in this area   In the most basic approach, such as Ratnaparkhi et al.
1	ITGs translate into simple  -BRCGs in the following way; see Wu   for a definition of ITGs.
1	Much research is also being directed at acquiring affect lexica automatically  .
0	Yet, the very nature of these alignments, as defined in the IBM modeling approach  , lead to descriptions of the correspondences between sourcelanguage   and target-language   words of a translation that are often unsatisfactory, at least from a human perspective.
1	There is a vast literature on language modeling; see, e.g.,  .
2	Research in this direction was pioneered by  , who developed Inversion Transduction Grammars to capture crosslingual grammar variations such as phrase reorderings.
1	arowsky   studied a method for word sense disambiguation using unlabeled data
0	While minimum error training   has by now become a standard tool for interpolating a small number of aggregate scores, it is not well suited for learning in high-dimensional feature spaces.
1	For example, the lexicalized grammars of Collins   and Charniak   and the statesplit grammars of Petrov et al.
1	Language modeling  , noun-clustering  , constructing syntactic rules for SMT  , and finding analogies   are examples of some of the problems where we need to compute relative frequencies.
1	veraged Perceptron Algorithm 5 Experiments We evaluate our method on both Chinese and English syntactic parsing task with the standard division on Chinese Penn Treebank Version 5.0 and WSJ English Treebank 3.0   as shown in Table 1
1	Since this trade-off is also affected by the settings of various pruning parameters, we compared decoding time and translation quality, as measured by BLEU score  , for the two models on our first test set over a broad range of settings for the decoder pruning parameters.
1	.1 Background Smith and Eisner   introduced the quasisynchronous grammar formalism
2	Two of themost important group of proteins involved in the cell cycle machinery are cyclins and cyclin-dependent kinases    .
2	Ruby   goes one step further by making the syntax much more compact and simpler and also provides various built-in features that make the common tasks of text processing, creating and processing threads, web programming etc.
2	In addition to the classical window-based technique, some studies investigated the use of lexico-syntactic patterns   to get more accurate co-occurrence statistics  .
2	The state-of-theart systems have achieved an accuracy of 97% for English on the Wall Street Journal   corpus   using various models  .
1	Our approach is to use maximum entropy models   to learn a suitable mapping from features derived from the words in the ASR output to semantic frames.
1	However, the aforementioned SDT techniques require word classes  to help prevent data fragmentation, and a sophisticated smoothing algorithm to mitigate the effects of any fragmentation that occurs.
2	Synchronous binarization   solves this problem by simultaneously binarizing both source and target-sides of a synchronous rule, making sure of contiguous spans on both sides whenever possible.
1	3 Experiments We tested our methods experimentally on the English Penn Treebank   and on the Czech Prague Dependency Treebank  .
1	or colnparison~ we refer here to Smadja's method   because this method and the proposed method have much in connnon
1	The recent work of   and   were also sources of inspiration.
1	Using GIZA++ model 4 alignments and Pharaoh  , we achieved a BLEU score of 0.3035.
1	This approach builds a subjectivity-annotated corpus for the target language through projection, and then trains a statistical classifier on the resulting corpus  ).
1	00: the current input token and the previous one have the same parent  90: one ancestor of the current input token and the previous input token have the same parent  09: the current input token and one ancestor of the previous input token have the same parent  99 one ancestor of the current input token and one ancestor of the previous input token have the same parent Compared with the B-Chunk and I-Chunk used in Ramshaw and Marcus ~, structural relations 99 and 90 correspond to B-Chunk which represents the first word of the chunk, and structural relations 00 and 09 correspond to I-Chunk which represents each other in the chunk while 90 also means the beginning of the sentence and 09 means the end of the sentence.
1	Their weights are optimized w.r.t. BLEU score using the algorithm described in  .
1	For a second set of parsing experiments, we used the WSJ portion of the Penn Tree Bank   and Helmut Schmids enrichment program tmod  .
2	The third category of techniques uses local spatio-temporal features   which have recently become a very popular video representation method for action recognition.
1	To test whether a better set of initial parameter estimates can improve Model 1 alignment accuracy, we use a heuristic model based on the loglikelihood-ratio   statistic recommended by Dunning  .
1	We use Viterbi training   but neighborhood estimation   or pegging   could also be used.
1	Another current topic of machine translation is automatic evaluation of MT quality  .
2	The feature combinations play an essential role in obtaining a classifier with state-of-the-art accuracy for several NLP tasks; recent examples include dependency parsing  , parse re-ranking  , pronoun resolution  , and semantic role labeling  .
1	The trees may be learned directly from parallel corpora  , or provided by a parser trained on hand-annotated treebanks  .
1	Carletta   also states that in the behavioral sciences, K > .8 signals good replicability, and .67 < K < .8 allows tentative conclusions to be drawn.
1	Alternative Class-Based Estimation Methods The approaches used for comparison are that of Resnik  , subsequently developed by Ribas  , and that of Li and Abe  , which has been adopted by McCarthy  .
0	Our system outperforms competing approaches, including the standard machine translation alignment models   and the state-of-the-art Cut and Paste summary alignment technique  .
1	ROUGE-L and ROUGE-1 are supposed to be appropriate for the headline gener853 ation task  .
1	This method is very similar to some ideas in domain adaptation  , but we argue that the underlying problems are quite different.
1	In our implementation, the IBM Model 1   is used.
1	For instance, both Pang and Lee   and Turney   consider the thumbs up/thumbs down decision: is a film review positive or negative?
2	In particular, as shown in  , the memory-based string matching engine allows on-the-fly update of memory contents for high reconfigurability.
1	Hyperparameter  is automatically selected from 2Although Kanayama and Nasukawa   that  for their dataset similar to ours was 0.83, this value cannot be directly compared with our value because their dataset includes both individual words and pairs of words.
1	In Experiment 1, we applied three standard parsing models from the literature to Negra: an unlexicalized PCFG model  , Carroll and Rooths   head-lexicalized model, and Collinss   model based on head-head dependencies.
2	A two-tier scheme   where sentences are  rst classi ed as subjective versus objective, and then applying the sentiment classi er on only the subjective sentences further improves performance.
2	We choose a well-studied parallel task scheduling of DAG, DLS   , as a baseline in our experiments.
1	The work reported in this paper is most closely related to work on statistical machine translation, particularly the IBM-style work on CANDIDE  .
2	Another interesting point is the relation to maximum entropy model  , which is popular in the natural language processing community.
1	These constituent matching/violation counts are used as a feature in the decoders log-linear model and their weights are tuned via minimal error rate training    .
1	The syntactic parser is the version that is selftrained using 2,500,000 sentences from NANC, and where the starting version is trained only on WSJ data  .
2	In previous experiments, intravenous lipid emulsions have been shown to ameliorate the toxicity of a number of lipid soluble agents  .
1	IIowever,   have shown that knowledge of target-text length is not crucial to the model's i)ertbrmanee.
1	Our method does not suppose a uniform distribution over all possible phrase segmentationsas   since each phrase tree has a probability.
2	The most common adverse effect was hypertension.  Another Phase II trial used axitinib 7 mg twice daily initially and a maximum dose of 10 mg if well tolerated.
1	Official DUC scoring utilizes the jackknife procedure and assesses significance using bootstrapping resampling  .
1	1 perform the following maximization: eI1 = argmax eI1 fPr Pr g   This approach is referred to as source-channel approach to statistical MT. Sometimes, it is also referred to as the fundamental equation of statistical MT  .
1	The extraction procedure consists of three steps: First, the bracketing of the trees in the Penn Treebank is corrected and extended based on the approaches of Magerman   and Collins  .
2	In recent several years, the system combination methods based on confusion networks developed rapidly  , which show state-of-the-art performance in benchmarks.
1	Our method is based on the ones described in  , The objective of this paper is to dynamically rank speakers or participants in a discussion.
2	In the supervised setting, a recent paper by Daume III   shows that a simple feature augmentation method for SVM is able to effectively use both labeled target and source data to provide the best domainadaptation results in a number of NLP tasks.
1	 , we used the MXPOST   tagger trained on training data to provide part-of-speech tags for the development and the test set, and we used 10way jackknifing to generate tags for the training set.
2	The prevalent trend for performance enhancement has been to simply increase the level of parallelism, many of the recently proposed systemson-chip   contain tens to hundreds of processors operating in the multiple-instruction multiple-data mode   to exploit data-level parallelism.
1	Eisner  , Charniak  , Collins  , and many subsequent researchers1 annotated every node with lexical features passed up from its head child, in order to more precisely reflect the nodes inside contents.
1	To find these pairs automatically, wetrainedanon-sequentiallog-linearmodel that achieves a .902 accuracy  .
1	1 Introduction Word alignment was first proposed as an intermediate result of statistical machine translation  .
2	The MT community has developed not only an extensive literature on alignment  , but also standard, proven alignment tools such as GIZA++  .
1	The labeling agreement was 84%  ).
2	2.2 Statistical Translation Lexicon We use a statistical translation lexicon known as IBM Model-1 in   for both efficiency and simplicity.
1	Until now, translation models have been evaluated either subjectively   or using relative metrics, such as perplexity with respect to other models  .
1	The next section briefly reviews the word alignment based statistical machine translation  .
1	Narrative retellings provide a natural, conversational speech sample that can be analyzed for many of the characteristics of speech and language that have been shown to discriminate between healthy and impaired subjects, including syntactic complexity   and mean pause duration  .
1	In our experiments, we will use 4 different kinds of feature combinations: a157 Baseline: The 6 baseline features used in  , such as cost of word penalty, cost of aligned template penalty.
1	2.5 Evaluation Minnen and Carroll   report an evaluation of the accuracy of the morphological generator with respect to the CELEX lexical database  .
2	Unsupervised approaches are attractive due to the the availability of large quantities of unlabeled text, and unsupervised morphological segmentation has been extensively studied for a number of languages  .
1	Note that our use of cepts differs slightly from that of  , inasmuch cepts may not overlap, according to our definition.
1	Within the machine learning paradigm, IL has been incorporated as a technique for bootstrapping an extensional learning algorithm, as in  .
1	 , Ponzetto and Strube   and the exploitation of advanced techniques that involve joint learning  ) and joint inference  ) for coreference resolution and a related extraction task.
1	5 SMT Experiments 5.1 Experimental Setup We used publicly available resources for all our tests: for decoding we used Moses   and our parallel data was taken from the Spanish-English section of Europarl.
1	The superiority of discriminative models has been shown on many tasks when the discriminative and generative models use exactly the same model structure  .
1	In the thriving area of research on automatic analysis and processing of product reviews  , little attention has been paid to the important task studied here  assessing review helpfulness.
1	We used the Berkeley Parser4 to learn such grammars from Sections 2-21 of the Penn Treebank  .
2	We tested model performance using the area under the receiver operating curve   statistic, which gives a measure of ability to discriminate between observed presences and absences, and has been widely applied  .
1	Using an Maximum Entropy approach to POS tagging, Ratnaparkhi   reports a tagging accuracy of 96.6% on the Wall Street Journal.
2	Among the most successful are Spectral Sequencing   and some of their combinations.
1	In  , these forbidden subsequences are called inside-out transpositions.
1	One of our goals was to use for our study only information that could be annotated reliably  , as we believe this will make our results easier to replicate.
2	he search across a dimension uses the efficient method of Och  
1	We use eight similarity measures implemented within the WordNet::Similarity package5, described in  ; these include three measures derived from the paths between the synsets in WordNet: HSO  , LCH  , and WUP  ; three measures based on information content: RES  , LIN  , and JCN  ; the gloss-based Extended Lesk Measure LESK,  , and finally the gloss vector similarity measure VECTOR  .
1	The lexical acquisition phase uses the GIZA++ word-alignment tool, an implementation   of IBM Model 5   to construct an alignment of MRs with NL strings.
1	Minimum error rate training was used to tune the model feature weights  .
2	Unfortunately, this is not the case for such widely used MT evaluation metrics as BLEU   and NIST  .
1	This is in contrast to purely statistical systems  , which are difficult to inspect and modify.
1	As has been pointed out by Dunning  , the calculation of log  assumes a binomial distribution.
2	Ochs procedure is the most widely-used version of MERT for SMT  .
2	Many researchers  , have observed consistent gains by using more flexible matching criteria.
1	Binarizing the grammars   further increases the size of these sets, due to the introduction of virtual nonterminals.
1	In the last few years there has been an increasing interest in applying MaxEnt models for NLP applications  .
2	First, such a system makes use of lexical information when modeling reordering  , which has previously been shown to be useful in German-to-English translation  .
1	For our POS tagging experiments, we used the Wall Street Journal in PTB III   with the same data split as used in  .
1	  and Pang and Lee   in merely using binary unigram features, corresponding to the 17,744 unstemmed word or punctuation types with count  4 in the full 2000-document corpus.
0	In addition, as can be seen in the table, CLM which integrates a decay function outperforms the models, i.e. GLM and EQE, that do not use one.
1	2 The Tagger We used Ratnaparkhi's maximum entropybased POS tagger  .
2	The yield of this tree gives the target translation: the gunman was killed by police . The Penn English Treebank     is our source of syntactic information, largely due to the availability of reliable parsers.
1	The resulting memory limitations alone can prevent the practical learning of highly split grammars  .
1	This result supports the intuition in   that correlation at segment level is necessary to ensure the reliability of metrics in different situations.
1	Many researchers have focused the related problem of predicting sentiment and opinion in text  , sometimes connected to extrinsic values like prediction markets  .
1	Probabilities based on relative frequencies, or derived fl'om the measure defined in  , for example, allow to take this fact into account.
1	In practice, when training the parameters of an SMT system, for example using the discriminative methods of  , the cost for skips of this kind is typically set to a very high value.
1	Discriminative training with hidden variables has been handled in this probabilistic framework  , but we choose Equation 3 for efficiency.
1	To this end, we adopt techniques from statistical machine translation   and use statistical alignment to learn the edit patterns.
1	itation texts have also been used to create summaries of single scientific articles in Qazvinian and Radev   and Mei and Zhai  
1	All features encountered in the training data are ranked in the DL   according to the following loglikelihood ratio  : Log Pr  P j6=i Pr  We estimated probabilities via maximum likelihood, adopting a simple smoothing method  : 0.1 is added to both the denominator and numerator.
1	This is confirmed by a comparison between our baseline result   and some baseline results of English base-NP chunking task  ).
2	Advantages: Good cosmetic result by forming a cylindrical phallus, creation of an acceptable sensate phallus,  providing good sensory nerves for its neurovascular pedicle,  excellent phallus sensation if the nerve is well-functioned,  and well-vascularized neourethra that allows voiding from a standing position. 
2	State-of-theart machine learning techniques including Support Vector Machines  , AdaBoost   and Maximum Entropy Models   provide high performance classifiers if one has abundant correctly labeled examples.
1	.1 Candidate NPs Noun phrases were extracted using Ramshaw and Marcus's base NP chunker  
1	7For details about the Bleu evaluation metric, see  .
1	4 Relation to Previous Work There is a significant volume of work exploring the use of CRFs for a variety of chunking tasks, including named-entity recognition, gene prediction, shallow parsing and others  .
1	Bergsma et al   proposed a distributional method in detecting non-anaphoric pronouns by first extracting the surrounding textual context of the pronoun, then gathering the distribution of words that occurred within that context from a large corpus and finally learning to classify these distributions as representing either anaphoric and non-anaphoric pronoun instances.
0	While the model of   significantly outperforms the constrained model of  , they both are well below the state-of-the-art in constituent parsing.
0	Knowledge of lesions associated with HIV/AIDS was observed to be similar to studies in Brazil  , but lower than that of the UK and Iran  .
1	Formally, the approach we take can be thought of as a noisier channel, where an observed signal o gives rise to a set of source-language strings fprime  F  and we seek e = arg maxe max fprimeF  Pr    = arg maxe max fprimeF  Pr Pr    = arg maxe max fprimeF  Pr Pr Pr .  Following Och and Ney  , we use the maximum entropy framework   to directly model the posterior Pr  with parameters tuned to minimize a loss function representing 1012 the quality only of the resulting translations.
1	By using 8-bit floating point quantization 1 , N-gram language models are compressed into 10 GB, which is comparable to a lossy representation  .
2	Efficient phytoextraction species should translocate high quantities of heavy metals   into their aboveground biomass without toxicity symptoms, and at the same time produce large amounts of biomass  .
0	As we noted in Section 5, we are able to significantly outperform basic structural correspondence learning  .
1	The polarity value proposed by   is as follows.
1	Some approaches have used syntax at the core   while others have integrated syntax into existing phrase-based frameworks  .
2	One of the advantages of these methods is that a wide variety of features such as dependency trees and sequences of words can easily be incorporated  .
1	Several representations to encode region information are proposed and examined  .
1	By analyzing rhetorical discourse structure of aim, background, solution, etc. or citation context, we can obtain appropriate abstracts and the most influential contents from scientific articles  .
1	Under the maximum entropy framework  , evidence from different features can be combined with no assumptions of feature independence.
1	Finally, we are investigating several avenues for using this system output for Machine Translation   including:   aiding word alignment for other MT system  ; and   aiding the creation various MT models involving analyzed text, e.g.,  .
1	For the final ranking, we chose the log likelihood statistic outlined in Dunning  , which is based upon the co-occurrence counts of all nouns  .
1	O'Hara and Wiebe   make use of Penn Treebank   and FrameNet   to classify prepositions.
2	1 Introduction Modern phrasal SMT systems such as   derive much of their power from being able to memorize and use long phrases.
2	Currently, machine learning methods   and combinations of classifiers   have been popular.
2	This type of input information   is a powerful and flexible model for specifying alternative inputs to a classifier, and has been additionally used by Haghighi and Klein  .
1	It is easy to see that the main difference between the PA algorithms and the Perceptron algorithm     as well as the MIRA algorithm   is in line 9.
2	An attitude fusion algorithm based on complementary filtering and conjugate gradient-descent method is proposed to improve the convergence rate of the algorithm  .
1	The concept of these alignments is similar to the ones introduced by  , but we will use another type of dependence in the probability distributions.
2	For example, non-local features such as same phrases in a document do not have different entity classes were shown to be useful in named entity recognition  .
2	One popular and statistically appealing such measure is Log-Likelihood    .
1	Co-Training has been used before in applications like word-sense disambiguation  , web-page classification   and namedentity identification  .
1	4.2 Building a Human Performance Model We adopt the evaluation approach that a good content selection strategy should perform similarly to humans, which is the view taken by existing summarization evaluation schemes such as ROUGE   and the Pyramid method  .
1	Use of probability estimates is not a serious limitation of this approach because in practice candidates are normally provided by some probabilistic model and its probability estimates are used as additional features in the reranker  .
1	u   introduced constraints on alignments using a probabilistic synchronous context-free grammar restricted to Chomskynormal form
1	The previous studies, with the exception of Kazama and Torisawa  , used smaller gazetteers than ours.
1	On the other hand, models that deal with structures or phrases instead of single words have also been proposed: the syntax translation models are described in  , alignment templates are used in  , and the alignment template approach is re-framed into the so-called phrase based translation   in  .
1	More recently, EM has been used to learn hidden variables in parse trees; these can be head-childannotations , latent head features  , or hierarchicallysplit nonterminal states  .
1	We show translation results in terms of the automatic BLEU evaluation metric   on the MT03 Arabic-English DARPA evaluation test set consisting of a212a89a212a89a87 sentences with a98a89a212a161a213a89a214a89a215 Arabic words with a95 reference translations.
1	We used the MXPOST tagger   for POS annotation.
2	The 8-point RLS is widely used in Sweden in some emergency departments and neurosurgical units instead of the GCS.
1	We have computed the BLEU score    , the NIST score    , the General Text Matching   F-measure    , and the METEOR measure  .
1	1 Introduction Word alignment is an important step of most modern approaches to statistical machine translation  .
1	guchi & Lavrenko   propose the use of probabilistic language models for ranking the results not only by sentiment but also by the topic relevancy
2	With the in-depth study of opinion mining, researchers committed their efforts for more accurate results: the research of sentiment summarization  , domain transfer problem of the sentiment analysis   and finegrained opinion mining   are the main branches of the research of opinion mining.
1	Here, we train word alignments in both directions with GIZA++  .
2	  hold state-of-the-art results for Czech NER.
1	As the first method, we learn phrase alignments from a corpus that has been word-aligned by a training toolkit for a word-based translation model: the Giza++  .
0	In contrast to the semi-supervised LEAF alignment algorithm of  , which requires 1,5002,000 CPU days per iteration to align 8.4M ChineseEnglish sentences  , link deletion requires only 450 CPU hours to re-align such a corpus  .
0	Several studies have shown that hypertension is a good predictor of RAS in patients with CAD or undergoing coronary angiography.  However, in some studies, hypertension failed to predict the presence of RAS.
1	We use the averaged perceptron algorithm, as presented in Collins  , to train the parser.
2	This is conWrmed by the superior results of functional conservative or postsurgical treatment procedures in comparison to non-weight bearing plaster cast immobilisation  .
2	The MERT module is a highly modular, efficient and customizable implementation of the algorithm described in  .
1	While we have shown an increase in performance over a purely syntactic baseline model  ), there are a number of avenues to pursue in extending this work.
1	Phrase pairs are extracted up to a fixed maximum length, since very long phrases rarely have a tangible impact during translation  .
2	Here, we use the more established ROUGE-W measure   instead.
1	Second, phrase translation pairs are extracted from the word alignment corpus  .
1	2 Summary of approaches Given a source language sentence f, statistical machine translation defines the translation task as selecting the most likely target translation e under a model P , i.e.: e  = argmax e P  = argmax e msummationdisplay i=1 hi i where the argmax operation denotes a search through a structured space of translation ouputs in the target language, hi  are bilingual features of e and f and monolingual features of e, and weights i are trained discriminitively to maximize translation quality   on held out data  .
2	Recent innovations have greatly improved the efficiency of language model integration through multipass techniques, such as forest reranking  , local search  , and coarse-to-fine pruning  .
1	The progression in the probabilistic parsing literature has been to start with lexical head-head dependencies   and then add non-lexical sis2 This result generalizes to Ss, which are also flat in Negra  .
1	Two major research topics in this field are Named Entity Recognition     and Word Sense Disambiguation    .
1	While Liu and Gildea   calculate n-gram matches on non-labelled head-modifier sequences derived by head-extraction rules from syntactic trees, we automatically evaluate the quality of translation by calculating an f-score on labelled dependency structures produced by a LexicalFunctional Grammar   parser.
1	html 162 3.1.1 Penn Treebank 3 The Penn Treebank 3 corpus   consists of hand-coded parses of the Wall Street Journal   and a small subset of the Brown corpus    .
1	They are not used in LN, but they are known to be useful for WSD  .
1	This increase of probabilities is defined as multiplicative change   as follows:   = P /P    The main innovation of the model in   is the possibility of adding at each step the best relation N = {Ri,j}as well as N = I  that is Ri,j with all the relations by the existing taxonomy.
1	Indeed, in the II scenario,   reported no improvement of the base parser for small   and large   seed datasets respectively.
1	While it was initially believed that lexicalization of PCFG parsers   is crucial for obtaining good parsing results, Gildea   demonstrated that the lexicalized Model-1 parser of Collins   does not benefit from bilexical information when tested on a new text domain, and only marginally benefits from such information when tested on the same text domain as the training corpora.
2	4.4.1 N-gram Co-Occurrence Statistics for Answer Extraction N-gram co-occurrence statistics have been successfully used in automatic evaluation  , and more recently as training criteria in statistical machine translation  .
1	ords in test data that have not been seen in training are deterministically assigned the POS tag that is assigned by the tagger described in Ratnaparkhi  
2	In this work, we propose two models that can be categorized as extensions of standard word lexicons: A discriminative word lexicon that uses global, i.e. sentence-level source information to predict the target words using a statistical classifier and a trigger-based lexicon model that extends the well-known IBM model 1   with a second trigger, allowing for a more finegrained lexical choice of target words.
1	Ramshaw and Marcus used transformationbased learning   for developing two chunkers  .
1	Further, we can learn the channel probabilities in an unsupervised manner using a variant of the EM algorithm similar to machine translation  , and statistical language understanding  .
2	1 Introduction Over the last few years, several automatic metrics for machine translation   evaluation have been introduced, largely to reduce the human cost of iterative system evaluation during the development cycle  .
1	In this paper, we implement the SDB model in a state-of-the-art phrase-based system which adapts a binary bracketing transduction grammar     to phrase translation and reordering, described in  .
1	The other utilizes a sort of parallel texts, such as multiple translation of the same text  , corresponding articles from multiple news sources  , and bilingual corpus  .
1	Most of the early work in this area was based on postulating generative probability models of language that included parse structure  .
2	In state of the art schemes  , a warrant ω is either the concatenation of all permitted messages or an abstract description of the message space for which signing is being delegated, together with a certificate, which is a signature on ω  , under the delegator’s private signing key.
1	Yarowsky   describes a 'semi-unsupervised' approach to the problem of sense disambiguation of words, also using a set of initial seeds, in this case a few high quality sense annotations.
1	One interesting approach to extending the current system is to introduce a statistical translation model   to filter out irrelevant translation candidates and to extract the most appropriate subpart from a long English sequence as the translation by locally aligning the Japanese and English sequences.
1	Church, K. and Hanks, P. ,   ""Word Association Norms, Mutual Information, and Lexicography,"" Computational Linguistics Vol.
1	2.2 Learning Algorithm For learning coreference decisions, we used a Maximum Entropy   model.
1	In another generation approach, Barzilay and Lee   look for pairs of slotted word lattices that share many common slot fillers; the lattices are generated by applying a multiplesequence alignment algorithm to a corpus of multiple news articles about the same events.
1	Two main approaches have generally been considered: rule-based   probabilistic  .
1	The supervised training described in   uses manually annotated data for the estimation of the weight coefficients .
1	According to this model, when translating a stringf in the source language into the target language, a string e is chosen out of all target language strings e if it has the maximal probability given f  : e = arg maxe {Pr } = arg maxe {Pr Pr } where Pr  is the translation model and Pr  is the target language model.
2	Recent work includes improved model variants   and applications such as web data extraction  , scientific citation extraction  , and word alignment  .
1	First, we can let the number of nonterminals grow unboundedly, as in the Infinite PCFG, where the nonterminals of the grammar can be indefinitely refined versions of a base PCFG  .
1	5.3 Translation Results For the translation experiments on the BTEC task, we report the two accuracy measures BLEU   and NIST   as well as the two error rates: word error rate   and position-independent word error rate  .
1	There has been an increased interest recently in employing Bayesian modeling for probabilistic grammars in different settings, ranging from putting priors over grammar probabilities   to putting non-parametric priors over derivations   to learning the set of states in a grammar  .
2	…animal models have shown the antipsychotic and procognitive effects of asenapine  , which have now been clinically validated in the treatment of acute schizophrenia  .
1	3 Formulation Following Klein and Manning  , we use weighted directed hypergraphs   as an abstraction of the probabilistic parsing problem.
1	1142 We show that by using a variant of SVM  Anchored SVM Learning   with a polynomial kernel, one can learn accurate models for English NP-chunking  , base-phrase chunking  , and Dutch Named Entity Recognition  , on a heavily pruned feature space.
1	3 Parse Tree Features We tagged each candidate transcription with   part-of-speech tags, using the tagger documented in Collins  ; and   a full parse tree, using the parser documented in Collins  .
1	  The syntactic annotation task consists of marking constituent boundaries, inserting empty categories  , showing the relationships between constituents  , and specifying a particular subset of adverbial roles.
1	Of these, only feature weights can be trained, for which we used minimum error rate training with version 1.04 of IBM-style BLEU   in case-insensitive mode.
1	While in traditional word-based statistical models   the atomic unit that translation operates on is the word, phrase-based methods acknowledge the significant role played in language by multiword expressions, thus incorporating in a statistical framework the insight behind Example-Based Machine Translation  .
1	Identifying transliteration pairs is an important component in many linguistic applications which require identifying out-of-vocabulary words, such as machine translation and multilingual information retrieval  .
1	e propose a method similar to Yarowsky   to generalize beyond the training set
1	Inspired by previous work on syntax-driven semantic parsing  , and syntax-based machine translation  , we postulate that syntactically similar sentences with the same predicate also share similar semantic roles.
1	Instead of interpolating the two language models, we explicitly used them in the decoder and optimized their weights via minimumerror-rate   training  .
1	OUGE-LCS calculated the longest common 2 Details of our official DUC 2004 headline generation system can be found in Doran et al
1	The discrepancy between DEV performance and TEST performance is due to temporal distance from TRAIN and high variance in BLEU score.11 We also compared our model with Pharaoh  .
1	A variety of other measures of semantic relatedness have been proposed, including distributional similarity measures based on co-occurrence in a body of text see   for a survey.
1	This conclusion is supported by the fact that true IMT is not, to our knowledge, used in most modern translator's support environments, eg  .
1	Since so many concepts used in discourse are $q'aindependent, a theory of granularity is also fundamental  .
1	The proposed approach follows the same principle as  , which tried to determine the appropriate word sense according to one relevant context word.
1	Recently, some kinds of learning techniques have been applied to cumulatively acquire exemplars form large corpora  .
1	It has been argued that the reliability of a coding schema can be assessed only on the basis of judgments made by naive coders  .
1	Following Ponzetto and Strube  , we consider an anaphoric reference, NPi, correctly resolved if NPi and its closest antecedent are in the same coreference chain in the resulting partition.
1	3 Length Model: Dynamic Programming Given the word fertility de nitions in IBM Models  , we can compute a probability to predict phrase length: given the candidate target phrase   eI1, and a source phrase   of length J, the model gives the estimation of P  via a dynamic programming algorithm using the source word fertilities.
1	The modify features involve the dependency parse tree for the sentence, obtained by first parsing the sentence   and then converting the tree into its dependency representation  .
1	Systems were optimized on the WMT08 French-English development data   using minimum error rate training   and tested on the WMT08 test data  .
1	From the above discussion, we can see that traditional tree sequence-based method uses single tree as translation input while the forestbased model uses single sub-tree as the basic translation unit that can only learn tree-to-string   rules.
2	Second, benefits for sentiment analysis can be realized by decomposing the problem into S/O   and polarity classification  .
1	There are several works that try to learn paraphrase pairs from parallel or comparable corpora  .
1	We used these weights in a beam search decoder to produce translations for the test sentences, which we compared to the WMT07 gold standard using Bleu  .
1	hat some model structures work better than others at real NLP tasks was discussed by Johnson   and Klein and Manning  
1	Much of the recent work in word alignment has focussed on improving the word alignment quality through better modeling   or alternative approaches to training  .
1	3.3 Tree Transducer Grammars Syntactic machine translation   uses tree transducer grammars to translate sentences.
1	This is the strategy that is usually adopted in other phrase-based MT approaches  .
1	u   provides anecdotal evidence that only incorrect alignments are eliminated by ITG constraints
2	As expected, human multiple sclerosis incidence does correlate with low serum 25-OH-D, the most reliable index of vitamin D status  .
1	Therefore, we also carried out evaluations using the NIST  , METEOR  , WER  , PER   and TER   machine translation evaluation techniques.
0	In addition, the semi-supervised Morce performs   77 times faster than the combination and 23 times faster than  .
2	For a fair comparison, we try to reproduce experiment of state-of-theart method  on the same baseline network.
1	To optimize the parameters of the decoder, we performed minimum error rate training on IWSLT04 optimizing for the IBM-BLEU metric  .
1	Wu   modeled the reordering process with binary branching trees, where each production could be either in the same or in reverse order going from source to target language.
1	1 Introduction Current methods for large-scale information extraction take advantage of unstructured text available from either Web documents   or, more recently, logs of Web search queries   to acquire useful knowledge with minimal supervision.
1	Finally, knowledge of polarity can be combined with corpus-based collocation extraction methods   to automatically produce entries for the lexical functions used in MeaningText Theory   for text generation.
1	K-best suffix arrays have been used in autocomplete applications  .
1	As a measure of association, we use the loglikelihood-ratio statistic recommended by Dunning  , which is the same statistic used by Melamed to initialize his models.
1	Another important direction is classifying sentences as subjective or objective, and classifying subjective sentences or clauses as positive or negative  .
1	We believe the benefit to limiting the size of n is connected to Brown et al.s   observation that as n increases, the accuracy of an n-gram model increases, but the reliability of our parameter estimates, drawn as they must be from a limited training text, decreases.
1	his results also agree with Dunning's argument about overestimation on the infrequent occurrences in which many infrequent pairs tend to get higher estimation  
1	The accuracy of the derived model depends heavily on the initial bias, but with a good choice results are comparable to those of method three  .
2	Since Jean Carletta   exposed computational linguists to the desirability of using chance-corrected agreement statistics to infer the reliability of data generated by applying coding schemes, there has been a general acceptance of their use within the field.
1	3 Monolingual comparable corpus: Similar to the methods in  , we construct a corpus of comparable documents from a large corpus D of news articles.
1	Bilingual configurations that condition on tprime,wprime   are incorporated into the generative process as in Smith and Eisner  .
1	We use three different kinds of metrics: DR-STM Semantic Tree Matching, a la Liu and Gildea  , but over DRS instead of over constituency trees.
1	Of the several slightly different definitions of a base NP in the literature we use for the purposes of this work the definition presented in   and used also by  and others.
1	However, much recent work in machine learning and statistics has turned away from maximum-likelihood in favor of Bayesian methods, and there is increasing interest in Bayesian methods in computational linguistics as well  .
1	The K&M model creates a packed parse forest of all possible compressions that are grammatical with respect to the Penn Treebank  .
2	The first one is the widely publicized Landau benchmark transmission system  : a tracking problem with a step disturbance rejection objective in an essentially noise-free environment.
0	However, most parsers still tend to show low performance on the long sentences  .
1	  BLEU-4   is used as the evaluation metric.
0	In particular, we have implemented an unsupervised morphological analyzer that outperforms Goldsmith s   Linguistica and Creutz and Lagus s   Morfessor for our English and Bengali datasets and compares favorably to the bestperforming morphological parsers in MorphoChallenge 20053  ).
1	To set the weights, m, we carried out minimum error rate training   using BLEU   as the objective function.
2	On the other hand, MPCCs metabolized low turnover drugs   significantly faster in the serum-free medium than in vivo, and thus use of reported fu values significantly improved the accuracy of clearance predictions, as also observed previously  .
1	We use a standard data set   consisting of sections 15-19 of the WSJ corpus as training and section 20 as testing.
1	In addition to precision and recall, we also evaluate the Bleu score   changes before and after applying our measure word generation method to the SMT output.
1	Construct a parse chart with a CKY parser simultaneously constrained on the foreign string and English tree, similar to the bilingual parsing of Wu   1.
1	Since a handmade thesaurus is not slfitahle for machine use, and expensive to compile, automatical construction of~a thesaurus has been attempted using corpora  .
2	For the extraction problem, there have been various methods proposed to date, which are quite adequate  .
1	1 Introduction Maximum Entropy   modeling has received a lot of attention in language modeling and natural language processing for the past few years  .
1	Table 2 shows the unknown word tags for chunking, which are known as the IOB2 model  .
2	Combining more video clips improves the accuracy of the estimated data  , and previous research also succeeded in motion reconstruction using somewhat blurry images  .
1	ll of the convergence and generalization results in Collins   depend on notions of separability rather than the size of GEN. Two questions come to mind
1	Since the advent of manually tagged corpora such as the Brown Corpus and the Penn Treebank  , Marcus ), the efficacy of machine learning for training a tagger has been demonstrated using a wide array of techniques, including: Markov models, decision trees, connectionist machines, transformations, nearest-neighbor algorithms, and maximum entropy  , Black , Schmid , Brill ,Daelemans ,Ratnaparkhi ).
1	4.1 Judging Rule Correctness Following the spirit of the fine-grained human evaluation in  , we randomly sampled 800 rules from our rule-base and presented them to an annotator who judged them for correctness, according to the lexical reference notion specified above.
2	These models have achieved state-of-the-art performance in transcript-based speech summarization  .
1	3.3 CRFs and Perceptron Learning Perceptron training for conditional models   is an approximation to the SGD algorithm, using feature counts from the Viterbi label sequence in lieu of expected feature counts.
1	The performance of cross-language information retrieval with a uniform T is likely to be limited in the same way as the performance of conventional information retrieval without term-frequency information, i.e., where the system knows which terms occur in which documents, but not how often  .
1	3For decoding, loc is averaged over the training iterations as in Collins and Roark  .
1	Some researchers have concentrated on producing WSD systems that base results on a limited number of words, for example Yarowsky   and Schtitze   who quoted results for 12 words, and a second group, including Leacock, Towell, and Voorhees   and Bruce and Wiebe  , who gave results for just one, namely interest.
1	summarization  , paraphrasing  , natural language generation  , and language modeling  .
1	The f are optimized by Minimum-Error Training    .
1	Example of such algorithms are   and   that use syntactic features in the vector definition.
1	The other main difference is the apparently nonlocal nature of the problem, which motivates our choice of a Maximum Entropy   model for the tagging task  .
1	To set the weight vector w, we train twenty averaged perceptrons   on different shuffles of data drawn from sections 0221 of the Penn Treebank.
2	The technique of averaging was introduced in the context of perceptrons as an approximation to taking a vote among all the models traversed during training, and has been shown to work well in practice  .
2	The validation study has shown that the root mean square differences for the hip and knee flexion/extension with three camera views were 2.6° and 7.5°, and multiple and perpendicular views were recommended to obtain more accurate results  .
1	W  = summationdisplay uS,vT w  Globally optimal minimum cuts can be found in polynomial time and near-linear running time in practice, using the maximum flow algorithm  .
1	2 Related Research Several researchers   have already proposed methods for binarizing synchronous grammars in the context of machine translation.
1	The model is composed of three parts  : a set of candidate SAPTs GEN, which is the top n SAPTs of a sentence from SCISSOR; a function  that maps a sentence Inputs: A set of training examples  , i = 1n, where xi is a sentence, and yi is a candidate SAPT that has the highest similarity score with the gold-standard SAPT Initialization: Set W = 0 Algorithm: For t = 1T,i = 1n Calculate yi = argmaxyGEN     W If   then W = W +     Output: The parameter vector W Figure 2: The perceptron training algorithm.
1	Recently used machine learning methods including maximum entropy models   and support vector machines   provide grounds for this type of modeling, because it allows various dependent features to be incorporated into the model without the independence assumption.
1	The mutual information Ml  is defined as the following formula  .
1	1 Introduction Parsing sentences using statistical information gathered from a treebank was first examined a decade ago in   and is by now a fairly well-studied problem  ,  ,  ).
1	If e has length l and f has length m, there are possible 2lm alignments between e and f  .
1	Evaluating the algorithm on the output of Charniaks parser   and the Penn treebank   shows that the patternmatching algorithm does surprisingly well on the most frequently occuring types of empty nodes given its simplicity.
1	The tagger used is thus one that does not need tagged and disambiguated material to be trained on, namely the XPOST originally constructed at Xerox Parc  .
1	The NIST MT03 set is used to tune model weights  ) and the scaling factor 17We have also experimented with MERT  , and found that the deterministic annealing gave results that were more consistent across runs and often better.
2	1 Phrase-based Unigram Model Various papers use phrase-based translation systems   that have shown to improve translation quality over single-word based translation systems introduced in  .
1	In the February 2004 version of the PropBank corpus, annotations are done on top of the Penn TreeBank II parse trees  .
1	he translation probability can also be discriminatively trained such as in Tillmann and Zhang  
1	The boosting approach to ranking has been applied to named entity segmentation   and natural language generation  .
1	Therefore, estimating a natural language model based on the maximum entropy   method   has been highlighted recently.
2	The most widely known are the Word Error Rate  , the Position independent word Error Rate  , the NIST score   and, especially in recent years, the BLEU score   and the Translation Error Rate    .
1	We adopted the stop condition suggested in   the maximization of the likelihood on a cross-validation set of samples which is unseen at the parameter estimation.
1	We measured the accuracy of the POS tagger trained in three settings: Original: The tagger is trained with the union of Wall Street Journal   section of Penn Treebank  , GENIA, and Penn BioIE.
1	As  , we adopted an evaluation of mutual information as a cohesion measure of each cooccurrence.
1	4.4 Text chunking Next, a rule-based text chunker   is applied on the tagged sentences to further identify phrasal units, such as base noun phrases NP and verbal units VB.
1	In this work, we use the prototype lists originally defined by Haghighi and Klein     and subsequently used by Chang et al.
1	Again the best result was obtained with IOB1   which is an imI)rovement of the best reported F,~=1 rate for this data set  : 92.03).
1	The straight-forward way is to first generate the best BTG tree for each sentence pair using the way of  , then annotate each BTG node with linguistic elements by projecting source-side syntax tree to BTG tree, and finally extract rules from these annotated BTG trees.
1	In fact, a limitation of the experiments described in this paper is that the loglinear weights for the glass-box techniques were optimized for BLEU using Ochs algorithm  , while the linear weights for 55 black-box techniques were set heuristically.
1	If human-aligned data is available, the EMD algorithm provides higher baseline alignments than GIZA++ that have led to better MT performance  .
0	As aptly pointed out in Jean Carletta  , agreement measures proposed so far in the computational linguistics literature has failed to ask an important question of whether results obtained using agreement data are in any way different from random data.
2	With data from the Southwest Oncology Group   for the use of adjuvant radiation therapy in high-risk patients  , and Messing trial results demonstrating an advantage in survival for long-term ADT in lymph node-positive patients  , good pathologic data are an important step toward multi-modality approach.
1	Background The natural language generator used in our experiments is the WSJ-trained system described in Cahill and van Genabith   and Hogan et al
1	Much research has been carried out recently in this area  .
1	In our case, we computed a likelihood ratio score   for all pairs of English tokens and Inuktitut substrings of length ranging from 3 to 10 characters.
1	We use the same alignment data for the five language pairs Chinese/English, Romanian/English, Hindi/English, Spanish/English, and French/English  .
1	  reports a success rate of 96% disambiguating twelve words with two clear sense distinctions each one.
1	There are many possible methods for combining unlabeled and labeled data  , but we simply concatenate unlabeled data with labeled data to see the effectiveness of the selected reliable parses.
1	The initial state contains terminal items, whose labels are the POS tags given by Ratnaparkhi  .
1	A variety of algorithms  , co-training  , alternating structure optimization  , etc).
1	hen and Martin   explored the use of a range of syntactic and semantic features in unsupervised clustering of documents
1	Our evaluation metric is BLEU  .
1	4.2 Cast3LB Function Tagging For the task of Cast3LB function tag assignment we experimented with three generic machine learning algorithms: a memory-based learner  , a maximum entropy classifier   and a Support Vector Machine classifier  .
1	3.1 Selecting Coreference Systems A learning-based coreference system can be defined by four elements: the learning algorithm used to train the coreference classifier, the method of creating training instances for the learner, the feature set 2Examples of such scoring functions include the DempsterShafer rule   and Bean and Riloff  ) and its variants (see Harabagiu et al.
1	First, it recognizes non-recursive Base Noun Phrase    .
1	757 hbps strong tendency to overestimate the probability of rare bi-phrases; it is computed as in equation  , except that bi-phrase probabilities are computed based on individual word translation probabilities, somewhat as in IBM model 1  : Pr  = 1|s||t| productdisplay tt summationdisplay ss Pr   The target language feature function htl: this is based on a N-gram language model of the target language.
1	5.1 Pharaoh The baseline system we used for comparison was Pharaoh  , a freely available decoder for phrase-based translation models: p  = p  pLM LM  pD D length W    We ran GIZA++   on the training corpus in both directions using its default setting, and then applied the refinement rule diagand described in   to obtain a single many-to-many word alignment for each sentence pair.
1	This paper extends the IBM Machine Translation Group's concept of fertility   to the generation of clumps for natural language understanding.
1	  describe an approach that targets translation of French phrases of the form NOUN de NOUN  .
2	They have been successfully applied to accent restoration, word"" sense disambiguation 209 and homograph disambiguation  .
1	For example, the Penn Treebank   provides a large corpus of syntactically annotated examples mostly from the Wall Street Journal.
2	Data Centric Storage     is a prominent data-storage and queryprocessing mechanism on Wireless Sensor Networks  .
1	 ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ), and to pick those ingredients which are known to be con~i)utationally 'tractable' in some sense.
1	 , and the third type is a mixture of the first and second type, employing n-gram and grammarbased features, e.g.
1	To accommodate multiple overlapping features on observations, some other approaches view the sequence labeling problem as a sequence of classification problems, including support vector machines     and a variety of other classifiers  .
1	OpenCCG   and XLE  , or created semi-automatically  , or fully automatically extracted from annotated corpora, like the HPSG  , LFG   and CCG   resources derived from the Penn-II Treebank    .
1	Figure 1 exhibits this scenario with a typical IE system such as SRI's FASTUS system  .
0	In terms of alignment, this wordnumber difference means that multiword connections must be considered, a task which 334 Sue J. Ker and Jason S. Chang Word Alignment is beyond the reach of methods proposed in recent alignment works based on Brown et al.'s   Model 1 and 2.
1	This is in contrast to standard summarization models that look to promote sentence diversity in order to cover as many important topics as possible  .
2	2005) have implemented a dependency parser with good accuracy  ) and very impressive speed   and four times faster than Charniak  )
1	We extract a phrase table using the Moses pipeline, based on Model 4 word alignments generated from GIZA++  .
1	Sometimes, the notion of collocation is defined in terms of syntax   or in terms of semantics    .
1	These feature vectors and the associated parser actions are used to train maximum entropy models  .
1	3.2 Questions and Corpus To get a clear picture of the impact of using different information extraction methods for the offline construction of knowledge bases, similarly to  , we focused only on questions about persons, taken from the TREC8 through TREC 2003 question sets.
2	  showed that, for this choice of joint feature vector, loss-augmented inference can be performed optimally using an efficient greedy algorithm.
1	A token can be a word or a punctuation symbol, and each of these neighboring tokens must be in the same sentence as a2 . We use a sentence segmentation program   and a POS tagger   to segment the tokens surrounding a2 into sentences and assign POS tags to these tokens.
1	Thus, we can compute the source dependency LM score in the same way we compute the target side score, using a procedure described in  .
1	Examples of such knowledge sources include stemming and TF-IDF weighting  .
1	We generate POS tags using the MXPOST tagger   for English and Chinese, and Connexor for Spanish.
1	The corpus was aligned with GIZA++   and symmetrized with the grow-diag-finaland heuristic  .
1	Formally, by distributional similarity   of two words w 1 and w 2 , we mean that they tend to occur in similar contexts, for some definition of context; or that the set of words that w 1 tends to co-occur with is similar to the set that w 2 tends to co-occur with; or that if w 1 is substituted for w 2 in a context, its plausibility   is unchanged.
1	This is similar to results in the literature  .
1	hese are the same distributions that are needed by previous POS-based language models   and POS taggers  
1	1 Introduction A ""pain in the neck""   for NLP in languages of the Indo-Aryan family   is the fact that most verbs   occur as complex predicates multi-word complexes which function as a single verbal unit in terms of argument and event structure  .
1	4.1 Corpora Sentence compression systems have been tested on product review data from the Ziff-Davis   Corpus by Knight and Marcu  , general news articles by Clarke and Lapata   corpus   and biomedical articles  .
1	This text was part-of-speech tagged using the Xerox HMM tagger  .
1	Finally, the loglikelihood ratios test     is applied on each set of pairs.
1	Following recent research about disambiguation models on linguistic grammars  , we apply a log-linear model or maximum entropy model   on HPSG derivations.
1	translation systems   and use Moses   to search for the best target sentence.
1	 , whose constrained optimization technique is similar to those in  .
2	Some previous approaches   handle unknown words explicitly using ambiguity class components conditioned on various morphological features, and this has shown to produce good tagging results, especially when dealing with incomplete dictionaries.
2	Oxidized graphene nanomaterials were demonstrated to be able to serve as efficient carrier systems for the targeted delivery of chemical drugs  .
1	The HWC metrics compare dependency and constituency trees for both reference and machine translations  .
1	In fact, when the perceptron update rule of    which modifies the weights of every divergent node along the predicted and true paths  is used in the ranking framework, it becomes virtually identical with the standard, flat, ranking perceptron of Collins  .5 In contrast, our approach shares the idea of   that if a parent class has been predicted wrongly, then errors in the children should not be taken into account. We also view this as one of the key ideas of the incremental perceptron algorithm of  , which searches through a complex decision space step-by-step and is immediately updated at the first wrong move.
0	Synchronous grammar formalisms that are capable of modeling such complex relationships while maintaining the context-free property in each language have been proposed for many years,  , but have not been scaled to large corpora and long sentences until recently.
1	3 The Learning Architecture The synchronous derivations described above are modelled with an Incremental Sigmoid Belief Network    .
1	The initial state contains terminal items, whose labels are the POS tags given by the tagger of Ratnaparkhi  .
1	The distinction between lexical and relational similarity for word pair comparison is recognised byTurney  , though the methods he presents focus on relational similarity.
1	n particular we work with dependency paths that can reach beyond direct dependencies as opposed to Lin   but in the line of Pado and Lapata  
1	Note that generative hybrids are the norm in SMT, where translation scores are provided by a discriminative combination of generative models  .
1	This can be done automatically with unparsed corpora  , from parsed corpora such as Marcus et al.'s   Treebank   or manually as was done for COMLEX  .
1	toilet/bathroom Since the word ""facility"" is the subject of ""employ"" and is modified by ""new"" in  , we retrieve other words that appeared in the same contexts and obtain the following two groups of selectors   of these words in the local contexts):  Subjects of ""employ"" with top-20 highest likelihood ratios: word freq, Iog,k word freq ORG"" 64 50.4 plant 14 31.0 company 27 28.6 operation 8 23.0 industry 9 14.6 firm 8 13.5 pirate 2 12.1 unit 9 9.32 shift 3 8.48 postal service 2 7.73 machine 3 6.56 corporation 3 6.47 manufacturer 3 6.21 insurance company 2 6.06 aerospace 2 5.81 memory device 1 5.79 department 3 5.55 foreign office 1 5.41 enterprise 2 5.39 pilot 2 537 *ORG includes all proper names recognized as organizations 18  Modifiees of ""new"" with top-20 highest likelihood ratios: word freq log,k post 432 952.9 issue 805 902.8 product 675 888.6 rule 459 875.8 law 356 541.5 technology 237 382.7 generation 150 323.2 model 207 319.3 job 260 269.2 system 318 251.8 word freq log )~ bonds 223 245.4 capital 178 241.8 order 228 236.5 version 158 223.7 position 236 207.3 high 152 201.2 contract 279 198.1 bill 208 194.9 venture 123 193.7 program 283 183.8 Since the similarity between Sense 1 of ""facility"" and the selectors is greater than that of other senses, the word ""facility"" in   is tagged ""Sense The key innovation of our algorithm is that a polysemous word is disambiguated with past usages of other words.
1	Techniques that analyze n-gram precision such as BLEU score   have been developed with the goal of comparing candidate translations against references provided by human experts in order to determine accuracy; although in our application the candidate translator is a student and not a machine, the principle is the same, and we wish to adapt their technique to our context.
1	The method described by Kazama and Torisawa   is to rst extract the rst   noun phrase after the rst is, was, are, or were in the rst sentence of a Wikipedia article.
1	he Tagger Support cutoff Accuracy Collins   0 96.60% 5 96.72% Model 3W+TAGS variant 1 96.97% 5 96.93% Table 6: Effect of changing common word feature cutoffs  
2	For the mean field approximation, propagating the error all the way back through the structure of the graphical model requires a more complicated calculation, but it can still be done efficiently   for details).
1	3.3 Corpora Our labeled data comes from the Penn Treebank   and consists of about 40,000 sentences from Wall Street Journal   articles 153 annotated with syntactic information.
1	4 Using vector-based models of semantic representation to account for the systematic variances in neural activity 4.1 Lexical Semantic Representation Computational linguists have demonstrated that a words meaning is captured to some extent by the distribution of words and phrases with which it commonly co-occurs  .
1	4.2 A ROUGE Based Approach ROUGE   is the standard automatic evaluation metric in the Summarization community.
2	Among these measures, the most important are Wu & Palmers  , Resniks   and Lins  .
1	Computational linguists have demonstrated that a words meaning is captured to some extent by the distribution of words and phrases with which it commonly co-occurs  .
2	Twitter sentiment classification have intensively researched in recent years  .
1	This set of 800 sentences was used for Minimum Error Rate Training   to tune the weights of our system with respect to BLEU score.
1	The weights of the different knowledge sources in the log-linear model used by our system are trained using Maximum BLEU  , which we run for 25 iterations individually for each system.
1	1 Introduction In statistical machine translation, output translations are evaluated by their similarity to human reference translations, where similarity is most often measured by BLEU  .
2	There are however other similarity metrics  ) which could be used equally well.
1	he samplers that Goldwater and Griffiths   and Johnson   describe are pointwise collapsed Gibbs samplers
1	More details about the re-ranking algorithm are presented in  .
2	Sentence-level subjectivity detection, where training data is easier to obtain than for positive vs. negative classification, has been successfully performed using supervised statistical methods alone   or in combination with a knowledgebased approach  .
1	The features used are: the length of t; a single-parameter distortion penalty on phrase reordering in a, as described in  ; phrase translation model probabilities; and 4-gram language model probabilities logp , using Kneser-Ney smoothing as implemented in the SRILM toolkit  .
1	Several algorithms have been proposed in the literature that try to find the best splits, see for instance  .
1	indle   classified nouns on the basis of co-occurring patterns of subjectverb and verb-object pairs
2	Properly calculated BLEU scores have been shown to correlate reliably with human judgments  .
2	To this end, we use the 50 documents dataset from Lee et al.     which is widely-used for evaluating semantic document similarity and thus enables us to compare our method against other state-of-the-art systems.
1	Systems which are able to acquire a small number of verbal subcategorisation classes automatically from corpus text have been described by Brent  , and Ushioda et al.
1	As an example, consider the fiat NP structures that are in the Penn Treebank  .
1	It is today common practice to use phrases as translation units   instead of the original word-based approach.
1	Most current transliteration systems use a generative model for transliteration such as freely available GIZA++1  ,an implementation of the IBM alignment models  .
1	My guess is that the features used in e.g., the Collins   or Charniak   parsers are probably close to optimal for English Penn Treebank parsing  , but that other features might improve parsing of other languages or even other English genres.
1	1 Introduction Several recent syntax-based models for machine translation   can be seen as instances of the general framework of synchronous grammars and tree transducers.
1	In a test set of 756 utterances containing 26 repairs  , they obtained a detection recall rate of 42% and a precision of 84.6%; for correction, they obtained a recall rate of 30% and a precision rate of 62%.
1	Distributional measures of distance, such as those proposed by Lin  , quantify how similar the two sets of contexts of a target word pair are.
1	More suitable ways could be bilingual chunk parsing, and refining the bracketing grammar as described in  .
1	Improvements are obtained  , showing that a reranker is necessary for successful self-training in such a high-resource scenario.
1	4 Semi-Supervised Training for Word Alignments Intuitively, in approximate EM training for Model 4  , the E-step corresponds to calculating the probability of all alignments according to the current model estimate, while the M-step is the creation of a new model estimate given a probability distribution over alignments  .
1	There have been a lot of prol)OS~fls for statistical analysis, in ninny languages, in particular in English and Japanese        arkhi, 1997)       .
2	Nevertheless, this less time-demanding and less expensive questionnaire, that requires less collaboration from participants than the usual full length food frequency questionnaires or other more comprehensive methods, has previously been validated by different clinical observational and interventional studies and accurately classified participants with respect to scoring for different validated methods  .
2	However, the best performing statistical approaches to lexical ambiguity resolution l;lmmselves rely on complex infornmtion sources such as ""lemmas, inflected forms, parts of speech and arbitrary word classes If\] local and distant collocations, trigram sequences, a.nd predicate m'gument association""  , p. 190) or large context-windows up to 1000 neighboring words  .
1	Such coarse-grained inventories can be produced manually from scratch   or by automatically relating   or clustering   existing word senses.
1	When the data has distinct sub-structures, models that exploit hidden state variables are advantageous in learning  .
1	Despite ME theory and its related training algorithm   do not set restrictions on the range of feature functions1, popular NLP text books   and research papers   seem to limit them to binary features.
1	:~ The difl'erent kinds of noun chunks covered by our grmnmar are listed below and illustrated with exmnples:  a combination of a non-obligatory deternfiner, optional adjectives or cardinals and the noun 1Other types of lexicalised PCFGs have been  ,  ,  ,  a and .lelinek, 1998) mid  .
1	night and Marcu   treat reduction as a translation process using a noisychannel model  
1	We have used three different algorithms: the nearest neighbour algorithm IB1IG, which is part of the Timbl software package  , the decision tree learner IGTREE, also from Timbl, and C5.0, a commercial version of the decision tree learner C4.5  .
1	Typicality was measured using the log-likelihood ratio test  .
1	Log-likelihood ratio     with respect to a large reference corpus, Web 1T 5-gram Corpus  , is used to capture the contextually relevant nouns.
1	These estimates are usually heuristic and inconsistent  .
1	Translation results are given in terms of the automaticBLEUevaluation metric   as well as the TER metric  .
2	1 Introduction In recent years, statistical machine translation have experienced a quantum leap in quality thanks to automatic evaluation   and errorbased optimization  .
1	Each element in vectorw gives a weight to its corresponding element in  , which is the count of a particular feature over the whole sentence y. We calculate the vectorw value by supervised learning, using the averaged perceptron algorithm  , given in Figure 1.
1	2.1.2 Research on Syntax-Based SMT A number of researchers   have proposed models where the translation process involves syntactic representations of the source and/or target languages.
1	number of words in target string These statistics are combined into a log-linear model whose parameters are adjusted by minimum error rate training  .
1	The various extraction measures have been discussed in great detail in the literature  , their performance has been compared  , and the methods have been combined to improve overall performance  .
1	e borrow the idea of classifying definites occurring in the first sentence as chain starting from Bean and Riloff  
1	Slightly differently from  , we use possible alignments in computing recall.
2	We compare KCDML not only with the state-of-art methods including our current work‚ÄîCDML   and LDA.
1	methods for syntactic SMT held to this assumption in its entirety  .
1	e collected training samples from the Brown Corpus distributed with the Penn Treebank  
1	5To test the reliability of the annotation scheme, we had a subset of the data annotated by two annotators and found a satisfactory -agreement   of  = 0.81.
1	We propose a probabilistic quasi-synchronous grammar, inspired by one proposed for machine translation  , and parameterized by mixtures of a robust nonlexical syntax/alignment model with a lexical-semantics-drivenlog-linear model.
1	However, we do not rely on linguistic resources   or on search engines   to determine the semantic orientation, but rather rely on econometrics for this task.
2	The most common advantages expressed in the six most-cited publications are that the flipped classroom approach focusses student-centred and collaborative, problem-based learning activities, thus enabling teachers to spend more time identifying student problems and knowledge gaps  .
1	Likelihood ratios are particularly useful when comparing common and rare events  , making them natural here given the rareness of most question categories and the frequency of contributions.
1	Brown,   uses the same bigrams and by means of a greedy algorithm forms the hierarchical clusters of words.
1	According to our experience, the best performance is achieved when the union of the source-to-target and target-to-source alignment sets   is used for tuple extraction  .
0	Experiments, by using 4 algorithms and through visualization techniques, revealed that clustering is a worthless effort for paraphrase corpora construction, contrary to the literature claims  .
1	We would like to apply our learning approach to the large data set mentioned in  : Wall Street Journal corpus sections 2-21 as training material and section 0 as test material.
0	While reranking has benefited many tagging and parsing tasks   including semantic role labeling  , it has not yet been applied to semantic parsing.
2	The Arriaga method is conceptually simple and easy to interpret and has been widely used to decompose life expectancy differences in the United States and elsewhere  .
1	Given a manually compiled lexicon containing words and their relative frequencies Ps , the best segmentationfJ1 is the one that maximizes the joint probability of all words in the sentence, with the assumption that words are independent of each other1: fJ1 = argmax fprimeJprime1 Pr   argmax fprimeJprime1 Jprimeproductdisplay j=1 Ps , where the maximization is taken over Chinese word sequences whose character sequence is cK1 . 2.2 Translation system Once we have segmented the Chinese sentences into words, we train standard alignment models in both directions with GIZA++   using models of IBM-1  , HMM   and IBM-4  .
1	Six features from   were used as baseline features.
1	 , a trigram target language model, an order model, word count, phrase count, average phrase size functions, and whole-sentence IBM Model 1 logprobabilities in both directions  .
0	In contrast, standard phrase-based models   assume a mostly monotone mapping between source and target, and therefore cannot adequately model these phenomena.
1	Our system is a re-implementation of the phrase-based system described in Koehn  , and uses publicly available components for word alignment  1, decoding  2, language modeling  3 and finite-state processing  4.
1	Table 1 shows the LP and LR scores obtained with our base line subtree set, and compares these scores with those of previous stochastic parsers tested on the WSJ  .
1	2 Evaluating Heterogeneous Parser Output Two commonly reported shallow parsing tasks are Noun-Phrase   Chunking   and the CoNLL-2000 Chunking task  , which extends the NPChunking task to recognition of 11 phrase types1 annotated in the Penn Treebank.
1	We follow the approach of bootstrapping from a model with a narrower parameter space as is done in, e.g. Och and Ney   and Fraser and Marcu  .
1	c2005 Association for Computational Linguistics Recognizing Paraphrases and Textual Entailment using Inversion Transduction Grammars Dekai Wu1 Human Language Technology Center HKUST Department of Computer Science University of Science and Technology, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong dekai@cs.ust.hk Abstract We present first results using paraphrase as well as textual entailment data to test the language universal constraint posited by Wus   Inversion Transduction Grammar   hypothesis.
2	The corpus-based statistical parsing community has many fast and accurate automated parsing systems, including systems produced by Collins  , Charniak   and Ratnaparkhi  .
1	To combine the many differently-conditioned features into a single model, we provide them as features to the linear model   and use minimum error-rate training   to obtain interpolation weights m. This is similar to an interpolation of backed-off estimates, if we imagine that all of the different contextsaredifferently-backedoffestimatesofthe complete context.
1	Language models, such as N-gram class models   and Ergodic Hidden Markov Models   were proposed and used in applications such as syntactic class   tagging for English  , clustering and scoring of recognizer sentence hypotheses.
1	We use the union, re ned and intersection heuristics de ned in   which are used in conjunction with IBM Model 4 as the baseline in virtually all recent work on word alignment.
1	3.5 Domain adaptation in Machine Translation Within MT there has been a variety of approaches dealing with domain adaption  .
1	4 Related work Algorithms for retrieving collocations has been described    .
1	4 Filtering with the CFG Rule Dictionary We use an idea that is similar to the method proposed by Ratnaparkhi   for partof-speech tagging.
1	2 Related Work There has been a large and diverse body of research in opinion mining, with most research at the text  , sentence   or word   level.
1	3 Probability Model This paper takes a ""history-based"" approach   where each tree-building procedure uses a probability model p , derived from p , to weight any action a based on the available context, or history, b. First, we present a few simple categories of contextual predicates that capture any information in b that is useful for predicting a. Next, the predicates are used to extract a set of features from a corpus of manually parsed sentences.
1	For this reason there is currently a great deal of interest in methods which incorporate syntactic information within statistical machine translation systems  ).
1	he existing work most similar to ours is Collins and Roark  
1	  that draws on a stochastic tagger   for details) as well as the SPECIALIST Lexicon5, a large syntactic lexicon of both general and medical English that is distributed with the UMLS.
1	We computed precision, recall and error rate on the entire set of sentence pairs for each data set.5 To evaluate NeurAlign, we used GIZA++ in both directions   or Spanish  ) as input and a refined alignment approach   that uses a heuristic combination method called grow-diagfinal   for comparison.
2	Three approaches are dominating, i.e. knowledge-based approach  , information retrieval-based approach   and machine learning approach  , in which the last approach is found very popular.
1	Parallel bilingual corpora have been shown to provide a rich source of constraints for statistical analysis (Brown et al. 1990; Gale and Church 1991; Gale, Church, and Yarowsky 1992; Church 1993; Brown et al. 1993; Dagan, Church, and Gale 1993; Department of Computer Science, University of Science and Technology, Clear Water Bay, Hong Kong.
1	  proposed a method to identify discourse relations between text segments using Nave Bayes classifiers trained on a huge corpus
1	In  , various aspects of phrase-based systems are compared, e.g. the phrase extraction method, the underlying word alignment model, or the maximum phrase length.
1	1 Motivation Question Answering has emerged as a key area in natural language processing   to apply question parsing, information extraction, summarization, and language generation techniques  .
1	Thus, given a hyponym definition   and a set of candidate hypernym definitions, this method selects the candidate hypernym definition   which returns the maximum score given by formula  : SC  : E cw    'wIEOAwj6E The cooccurrence weight   between two words can be given by Cooccurrence Frequency, Mutual Information   or Association Ratio  .
1	Endemic structural ambiguity, which can lead to such difficulties as trying to cope with the many thousands of possible parses that a grammar can assign to a sentence, can be greatly reduced by adding empirically derived probabilities to grammar rules   and by computing statistical measures of lexical association  .
2	We choose those sections because several state-of-thwart parsers   are trained on Section 2-21 and tested on Section 23.
2	In this regard, it is worth noting that the number of studies that have reported at least some mixed strain infections in a wide variety of hosts, including cats, has increased greatly since more sensitive genotyping techniques have been applied  .
1	4.1.3 Letter Lexical Transliteration Similar to IBM Model-1  , we use a bag-of-letter generative model within a block to approximate the lexical transliteration equivalence: P = j+lproductdisplay jprime=j i+ksummationdisplay iprime=i P P ,   where P  similarequal 1/  is approximated by a bagof-word unigram.
1	The IBM model 1   is used to find an initial estimate of the translation probabilities.
1	Deeper syntax, e.g. phrase or dependency structures, has been shown useful in generative models  , heuristic-based models   and even for syntactically motivated models such as ITG  .
1	Some of the data comes from the parsed files 2-21 of the Wall Street Journal Penn Treebank corpus  , and additional parsed text was obtained by parsing the 1987 Wall Street Journal text using the parser described in Charniak et al.
1	Work focusses on analysing subjective features of text or speech, such as sentiment, opinion, emotion or point of view  .
0	The method was intended as a replacement for sentence-based methods  ), which are very sensitive to noise.
2	…feeding of energydense diets over short periods to cull cows could be profitable  , improve carcass characteristics   and meat quality  .
1	  is one of the first works to use statistical methods of distributional analysis to induce clusters of words.
1	7.3 EM algorithm The only other application of the EM algorithm to word-sense disambiguation is described in  .
2	The only trainable approaches   to surface generation are the purely statistical machine translation   systems such as   and the corpus-based generation system described in  .
1	4 Information Base 4.1 Text Corpus Text corpora are essential to statistical modeling, in developing formal theories of the grammars, investigating prosodic phenomena in speech, and evaluating or comparing the adequacy of parsing models  .
1	MT output was evaluated using the standard evaluation metric BLEU  .2 The parameters of the MT System were optimized for BLEU metric on NIST MTEval2002 test sets using minimum error rate training  , and the systems were tested on NIST MTEval2003 test sets for both languages.
1	greement among annotators was measured using the K statistic  
1	2.2 Maximum Entropy Our next approach is the Maximum Entropy   classification approach.
1	Since these morphological generalizations are based on the initial categorization provided by the algorithm of  , we hope that they will foster speedy convergence of HNN training.
1	GIZA++ refined alignments have been used in state-of-the-art phrase-based statistical MT systems such as  ; variations on the refined heuristic have been used by     and by the phrase-based system Moses    .
1	5 Related Work As discussed in footnote 3, Collins   and McDonald et al.
1	Our conception of the task is inspired by Ramshaw and Marcus representation of text chunking as a tagging problem   . The information that can be used to train the system appears in columns 1 to 8 of Table 1.
1	NP chunks in the shared task data are BaseNPs, which are non-recursive NPs, a definition first proposed by Ramshaw and Marcus  .
1	The agreement on identifying the boundaries of units, using the AK statistic discussed in  , was AK BP BMBL  ; the agreement on features  was follows: Attribute AK Value utype .76 verbed .9 finite .81 subject .86 NPs Our instructions for identifying NP markables derive from those proposed in the MATE project scheme for annotating anaphoric relations  .
0	The prognosis of FVPTC in our study was excellent, similar to the results of previous studies  , and FVPTC is known to have less frequent locoregional recurrence than conventional PTC  , although there…
1	Although the BLEU   score from Finnish to English is 21.8, the score in the reverse direction is reported as 13.0 which is one of the lowest scores in 11 European languages scores  .
1	For example, consider a case of observation bias   for a first-order left-toright CMM.
2	Such approaches have shown promise in applications such as web page classification  , named entity classification  , parsing  , and machine translation  .
1	This model is similar in spirit to IBM model 1  .
0	The experimental results show that our method outperforms the synchronous binarization method   with over 0.8 BLEU scores on both NIST 2005 and NIST 2008 Chinese-to-English evaluation data sets.
1	We rst recast the problem of estimating the IBM models   in a discriminative framework, which leads to an initial increase in word-alignment accuracy.
1	In Ratnaparkhi  , a maximum entropy tagger is presented.
1	2 Bilingual Bracketing In     A ! < AA >   A ! f=e   A ! f=null   A ! null=e   Where f and e are words in the target vocabulary Vf and source vocabulary Ve respectively.
2	Glycyrrihzin, 18βglycyrrhetinic acid and liquiritigenin individually were able to ease itchiness and lower ovalbumininduced elevated IgE level  .
1	Our approach is data-driven: following the methodology in  , we automatically convert the English PennII treebank and the Chinese Penn Treebank   into f-structure banks.
1	To our knowledge no systems directly address Problem 1, instead choosing to ignore the problem by using one or a small handful of reference derivations in an n-best list  , or else making local independence assumptions which side-step the issue  .
1	It has been shown by Shapiro and Stephens   and Wu (1997, Sec.
1	  use HMM-based similarity for the same purpose.
1	Turney   is the first, to the best of our knowledge, to raise the issue of a unified approach.
1	This method was preferred against other related methods, like the one introduced in  , since it embeds all the available semantic information existing in WordNet, even edges that cross POS, thus offering a richer semantic representation.
1	Building heavily on the ideas of History-based parsing  , training the parser means essentially running the parsing algorithms in a learning mode on the data in order to gather training instances for the memory-based learner.
1	RIDF is like MI, but different References Church, K. and P. Hanks  Word association norms, mutual information, and lexicography Computational Linguistics, 16:1, pp.
2	For example, enumeration of CD8+ tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes   has been shown to be a reliable prognostic marker for a number of cancers, including colorectal cancer and non–small-cell lung carcinoma    .
2	The latter approach has become increasingly popular  .
1	Finally, in order to formally evaluate the method and the different heuristics, a large-scale evaluation on the BioMed Corpus is under way, based on computing the ROUGE measures  .
1	The corpus was automatically derived from the Penn Treebank II corpus  , by means of the script chunklink.pl   that we modified to fit our purposes.
1	We guess it is an acronym for the authors of  : Michel Galley, Mark Hopkins, Kevin Knight and Daniel Marcu.
1	The table also shows Cohen's to, an agreement measure that corrects for chance agreement  ; the most important t value in the table is the value of 0.7 for the two human judges, which can be interpreted as sufficiently high to indicate that the task is reasonably well defined.
1	Turney   noted that the unigram unpredictable might have a positive sentiment in a movie review  , but could be negative in the review of an automobile  .
1	Furthermore, we use averaged weights   in Algorithm 1.
1	As shown in  , using this representation, a linear classifier cannot distinguish sentences sampled from a trigram and real sentences.
1	In Lin and Och  , we proposed a framework that automatically evaluated automatic MT evaluation metrics using only manual translations without further human involvement.
1	This linear model is learned using a variant of the incremental perceptron algorithm  .
1	Typically, frequency information for rare words in the training data is used to estimate parameters for unknown words  ).
1	The baseline system is based on the synchronous binarization  .
2	n efficient algorithm for performing this tuning for a larger number of model parameters can be found in Och  
1	In particular, we use a feature augmentation technique recently introduced by Daume III  , and active learning   to perform domain adaptation of WSD systems.
1	During training each example is broken into elementary trees using head rules and argument/adjunct rules similar to those of  .
1	Since then, supervised learning from sense-tagged corpora has since been used by several researchers: Zernik  , Hearst  , Leacock, Towell, and Voorhees  , Gale, Church, and Yarowsky  , Bruce and Wiebe  , Miller et al.
2	The SBF with biophysically realistic model oscillators Cosine oscillators were extensively used in numerical simulations of interval timing models with great success  .
2	Part-of-speech tagging is an active area of research; a great deal of work has been done in this area over the past few years  .
1	Separating the scoring from the source language reordering also has the advantage that the approach in essence is compatible with other approaches such as a traditional PSMT system   or a hierarchical phrase system  .
2	Some of the more popular and more accurate of these approaches to data-driven parsing   have been based on generative models that are closely related to probabilistic contextfree grammars.
1	In such cases, additional information may be coded into the HMM model to achieve higher accuracy  .
1	It has been shown that phrasal machine translation systems are not affected by the quality of the input word alignments  .
1	translation including the joint probability phrasebased model   and a variant on the alignment template approach  , and contrast them to the performance of the word-based IBM Model 4  .
2	Recently, various works have improved the quality of statistical machine translation systems by using phrase translation  .
1	More specifically, the latter system uses the IBM-1 lexical parameters   for computing the translation probabilities of two possible new tuples: the one resulting when the null-aligned-word is attached to Table 6 Evaluation results for experiments on n-gram size incidence.
1	It is an implementation of Models 1-4 of Brown et al. \ , where each of these models produces a Viterbi alignment.
1	Following  , we do not distinguish rare words.
1	Marcu and Echihabi   lter training instances based on Part-of-Speech   tags, and Soricut and Marcu   use syntactic features to identify sentence-internal RST structure.
1	Some researchers apply shallow or partial parsers   to acquiring specific patterns from texts.
1	Polarity orientation identification has many useful applications, including opinion summarization   and sentiment retrieval  .
0	For example, the statistical word alignment in IBM translation models   can only handle word to word and multi-word to word alignments.
1	Secondly, while all taggers use lexical information, and, indeed, it is well-known that lexical probabilities are much more revealing than tag sequence probabilities  , most taggers make quite limited use of lexical probabilities  .
1	From multilingual texts, translation lexica can be generated  .
1	Statistical Phrase-based Translation  : Here phrase-based means subsequence-based, as there is no guarantee that the phrases learned by the model will have any relation to what we would think of as syntactic phrases.
1	In our experiments, we used a dependency parser only in English   that has been adapted for building dependencies) but not in the other language.
0	2 Related Work One of the major problems with the IBM models   and the HMM models   is that they are restricted to the alignment of each source-language word to at most one targetlanguage word.
1	In the future, we plan to explore our discriminative framework on a full distortion model   or even a hierarchical model  .
1	They are generated from the training corpus via the ?diag-and??method   and smoothed using Kneser-Ney smoothing  , ??one or several n-gram language model  trained with the SRILM toolkit  ; in the baseline experiments reported here, we used a trigram model, ??a distortion model which assigns a penalty based on the number of source words which are skipped when generating a new target phrase, ??a word penalty.
0	Automatic text summarization approaches have offered reasonably well-performing approximations for identifiying important sentences   but, not surprisingly, text  generation has been a major challange despite some work on sub-sentential modification  .
1	Ordinary Prologstyle, backchaining deduction is augmented with the capability of making assumptions and of factoring two goal literals that are unifiable  .
1	Our work so far has focused on data in the Penn Treebank  , particularly the Brown corpus and some examples from the Wall Street Journal corpus.
1	3.3 Unknown word features Most of the models presented here use a set of unknown word features basically inherited from  , which include using character n-gram prefixes and suffixes  , and detectors for a few other prominent features of words, such as capitalization, hyphens, and numbers.
1	The examples represent seven-word windows of words and their respective   part-of-speech tags, and each example is labeled with a class using the IOB type of segmentation coding as introduced by Ramshaw and Marcus  , marking whether the middle word is inside  , outside  , or at the beginning   of a chunk.
1	The four models we compare are a maximum a posteriori   method and three discriminative training methods, namely the boosting algorithm  , the average perceptron   and the minimum sample risk method  .
1	Following Lin  , we use syntactic dependencies between words to model their semantic properties.
1	Sentence Compression takes an important place for Natural Language Processing   tasks where specific constraints must be satisfied, such as length in summarization  , style in text simplification   or sentence simplification for subtitling  .
2	treatment with Fgf8b is shown, because Fgf8b, the most potent isoform of Fgf8, is the only gene of the studied FGF family members that has been found to be crucial in mesoderm development in the mouse  .
1	2.3.4 Word Translation Probability Estimation Many methods are used to estimate word translation probabilities from unparallel or parallel bilingual corpora  .
1	The first of these nonstructural problems with Model 1, as standardly trained, is that rare words in the source language tend to act as garbage collectors  , aligning to too many words in the target language.
0	The new reference models result in slightly larger predicted values than previously used Viljanen values especially in males, but significantly lower values than the ECSC predictions in females.
1	Introduction Many applications that process natural language can be enhanced by incorporating information about the probabilities of word strings; that is, by using statistical language model information  .
1	1 Introduction The field of sentiment classification has received considerable attention from researchers in recent years  .
1	5-gram word language models in English are trained on a variety of monolingual corpora  .
1	By no means an exhaustive list, the most commonly cited ranking and scoring algorithms are HITS   and PageRank  , which rank hyperlinked documents using the concepts of hubs and authorities.
1	Early work employed a diverse range of features in a linear classifier  , including lexical features, syntactic parse features, dependency features and semantic features  .
1	Minimum Error Rate Training     under BLEU criterion is used to estimate 20 feature function weights over the larger development set  .
1	Most current statistical models   treat the aligned sentences in the corpus as sequences of tokens that are meant to be words; the goal of the alignment process is to find links between source and target words.
2	5 Bidirectional Sequence Classification Bidirectional POS tagging  , the current state of the art for English, has some properties that make it appropriate for Icelandic.
1	1 Introduction ROUGE   and its linguisticallymotivated descendent, Basic Elements    , evaluate a summary by computing its overlap with a set of model   summaries; ROUGE considers lexical n-grams as the unit for comparing the overlap between summaries, while Basic Elements uses larger units of comparison based on the output of syntactic parsers.
1	1 Introduction NLP researchers have developed many algorithms for mining knowledge from text and the Web, including facts  , semantic lexicons  , concept lists  , and word similarity lists  .
1	Since parsing is just an initial stage of natural language understanding, the project was focused not just on obtaining syntactic trees alone   or Tiger  ).
0	These cells, however, were subsequently identified as pigmented epithelial cells, which could form clonogenic spheres but failed to differentiate into retinal neurons  .
2	we use the perceptron-like algorithm proposed in   which does not suffer from the label bias problem, and is fast in training.
2	1 Introduction Large scale annotated corpora such as the Penn TreeBank   have played a central role in speech and natural language research.
1	Here, we compare two similarity measures: the familiar BLEU score   and a score based on string kernels.
1	Previous Work There have been several approaches to automatically discovering lexico-semantic information from text  
1	We build a subset S C ~"" incrementally by iterating to adjoin a feature f E ~"" which maximizes loglikelihood of the model to S. This algorithm is called the Basic Feature Selection  .
1	8See formula in appendix B. We use   implementation with a minor alteration  see Beigman Klebanov  .
1	We were already using a generative statistical model for part-of-speech tagging  , and more recently, had begun using a generative statistical model for name finding  .
2	Our probabilistic model is based on Incremental Sigmoid Belief Networks  , a recently proposed latent variable model for syntactic structure prediction, which has shown very good behaviour for both constituency   and dependency parsing  .
1	he principal training method is an adaptation of averaged perceptron learning as described by Collins  
1	Bean and Riloff   and Uryupina   have already employed a definite probability measure in a similar way, although the way the ratio is computed is slightly different.
1	We computed precision, recall and error rate on the entire set for each data set.6 For an initial alignment, we used GIZA++ in both directions   or Spanish  ), and also two different combined alignments: intersection of E-to-F and F-to-E; and RA using a heuristic combination approach called grow-diag-final  .
1	Model 1 is the word-pair translation model used in simple machine translation and understanding models  .
1	All the enumerated segment pairs are listed in the following table: Feature x,y Feature x,y AM1+1 c1, c0 AM2+1 c2c1, c0 AM1+2 c1, c0c1 AM2+2 c2c1, c0c1 AM1+3 c1, c0c1c2 AM3+1 c3c2c1, c0 We use Dunnings method   because it does not depend on the assumption of normality and it allows comparisons to be made between the signiflcance of the occurrences of both rare and common phenomenon.
1	Previous approaches to the problem   have all been learning-based; the primary difference between the present algorithm and earlier ones is that it is not learned, but explicitly incorporates principles of GovernmentBinding theory  , since that theory underlies the annotation.
0	It performed slightly worse on baseNP recognition than the   experiments  .
1	Expectation Evaluation is the soul of parameter estimation  ,  .
1	We will provide a more detailed and systematic comparison between MAXIMUM ENTROPY MODELING   and MEMORY BASED LEARNING   for morpho-syntactic disambiguation and we investigate whether earlier observed differences in tagging accuracy can be attributed to algorithm bias, information source issues or both.
1	Collins   gives convergence proofs for the methods; Collins   directly compares the boosting and perceptron approaches on a named entity task; and Collins and Duffy   use a reranking approach with kernels, which allow representations of parse trees or labeled sequences in very-high-dimensional spaces.
1	In this paper it is shown that the synchronous grammars used in Wu  , Zhang et al.
1	he linear kernel derived from the L1 distance is the same as the difference-weighted token-based similarity measure of Weeds and Weir  
1	Supervision for simple features has been explored in the literature  .
2	We also report state-of-the-art results for Hebrew full mor1Another notable work, though within a slightly different framework, is the prototype-driven method proposed by  , in which the dictionary is replaced with a very small seed of prototypical examples.
2	Several general-purpose off-the-shelf   parsers have become widely available  .
2	Their performance is presented in comparison to state-of-the-art methods such as original GNNS  .
1	In most recent parsing work the history consists of a small number of manually selected features  .
1	Having a single, canonical tree structure for each possible alignment can help when flattening binary trees, as it indicates arbitrary binarization decisions  .
2	1 Introduction Phrase-based method   and syntaxbased method   represent the state-of-the-art technologies in statistical machine translation  .
1	It is often argued that the ability to translate discontiguous phrases is important to modeling translation  , and it may be that this explains the results.
0	The simplicity of our approach makes it easy to incorporate dependencies across the whole corpus, which would be relatively much harder to incorporate in approaches like   and  .
1	We use ROUGE   to assess summary quality using common n-gram counts and longest common subsequence   measures.
0	We contrast our work with  , highlight some severe limitations of probability estimates computed from single derivations, and demonstrate that it is critical to account for many derivations for each sentence pair.
1	bney   presented a thorough discussion on the Yarowsky algorithm
1	For example, the feature 1 On the ATR English Grammar, see below; for a detailed description of a precursor to the Gr-r~raar, see  .
1	  demonstrates a discriminatively trained system for machine translation that has the following characteristics: 1) requires a varying update strategy   depending on whether the reference sentence is reachable or not, 2) uses sentence level BLEU as a criterion for selecting which output to update towards, and 3) only trains on limited length   sentences.
2	However more recent results have shown that it can indeed improve parser performance  .
1	Section 3 describes previous work   that derives connections between boosting and maximum-entropy models for the simpler case of classification problems; this work forms the basis for the reranking methods.
1	5 Experimental Evaluation To perform empirical evaluations of the proposed methods, we considered the task of parsing the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal corpus  .
1	  and Nakov and Hearst  , among others, look at using a large amount of unlabeled data to classify relations between words.
1	In our experiments, the class assignment is performed by maximizing the mutual information between adjacent phrases, following the line described in  , with only the modification that candidates to clustering are phrases instead of words.
1	The sentences in the training and testing sets were already   POS-tagged and noun chunked, and that in a real-life situation additional preprocessing by a POS-tagger   and noun chunker  ) which will introduce additional errors.
1	There has been considerable use in the NLP community of both WordNet   and LDOCE  , but no one has merged the two in order to combine their strengths.
1	madja  finds significant bigrams using an estimate of z-score  
1	This characteristic of our corpus is similar to problems with noisy and comparable corpora  , and it prevents us from using methods developed in the MT community based on clean parallel corpora, such as  .
1	For 1-best search, we use the cube pruning technique   which approximately intersects the translation forest with the LM.
1	Instead of assigning HEAD and DEPREL in a single step, some systems use a two-stage approach for attaching and labeling dependencies  .
1	2008a; 2008b) on CTB 5.0 and Zhang and Clark   on CTB 4.0 since they reported the best performances on joint word segmentation and POS tagging using the training materials only derived from the corpora
2	Ranking algorithms, such as Kleinbergs HITS algorithm   or Googles PageRank  , have been traditionally and successfully used in Web-link analysis  , social networks, and more recently in text processing applications  ,  ,  .
1	Good partof-speech results can be obtained using only the preceding category  , which is what we will be using.
2	Adequately understanding and managing product data is seen to have clear business benefits  .
1	We split the returned documents into classes encompassing n-grams  , adjectives  ) and noun phrases  ).
2	4.1 Features We used a dependency structure as the context for words because it is the most widely used and one of the best performing contextual information in the past studies  .
1	This second point is emphasized by the second paper on self-training for adaptation  .
1	s a basis mapping function  we used a generalisation of the one used by Grefenstette   and Lin  
1	 , it is much higher than the 2.6% unknown word rate in the test set for Ratnaparkhis   English POS tagging experiments.
1	The translation models and lexical scores were estimated on the training corpus whichwasautomaticallyalignedusingGiza++  in both directions between source and target and symmetrised using the growing heuristic  .
1	PairClass is most similar to the algorithm of Turney  , but it differs in the following ways:  PairClass does not use a lexicon to find synonyms for the input word pairs.
1	This task evaluated parsing performance on 10 languages: Arabic, Basque, Catalan, Chinese, Czech, English, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, and Turkish using data originating from a wide variety of dependency treebanks, and transformations of constituency-based treebanks  .
1	Previous authors have used numerous HMM-based models   and other types of networks including maximum entropy models  , conditional Markov models  , conditional random elds    , and cyclic dependency networks  .
2	RANDLM   performs well and scaled to the full data with improvement  .
2	We evaluated the generator on the Penn Treebank  , which is highly reliable corpus consisting of real-world texts.
1	This knowledge is represented in axiomatic form, using the notation proposed in   and previously implemented in TACITUS.
1	This negation handling is similar to that used in  .
2	Insects are ideal systems to investigate the interplay between infection and behavior.  The fruit fly Drosophila is especially amenable to these studies, as it is one of the best developed model systems for host-pathogen interactions  and behavioral ecology and genetics.
1	e.g. BLEU   for machine translation, ROUGE   for summarization.
1	1992) describe one application of MI to identify word collocations; Kashioka et al
1	We train IBM Model 4 with GIZA++   in both translation directions.
1	The problem is that with such a definition of collocations, even when improved, one identifies not only collocations but freecombining pairs frequently appearing together such as lawyer-client; doctor-hospital, as pointed out by Smadja  .
1	e compared our system with the concepts in WordNet and Fleischman et al.s instance/concept relations  
1	First, researchers are divided between a general method   and one that is applied only to a small trial selection of texts words    ).
1	Given a set of features and a training corpus, the MaxEnt estimation process produces a model in which every feature fi has a weight i. We can compute the conditional probability as  : p  = 1Z  productdisplay i ifi    Z  = summationdisplay o productdisplay i ifi    The conditional probability of the outcome is the product of the weights of all active features, normalized over the products of all the features.
1	  applied iterative refinement algorithms to sentence level alignment tasks.
1	In fact, the largest source of English dependency trees is automatically generated from the Penn Treebank   and is by convention exclusively projective.
1	Starting from an initial point M1 , computing the most probable sentence hypothesis out of a set of K candidate translations Cs AG D8e1,,eKD9 along the line M1 A0  A4 dM1 results in the following optimization problem  : e D4fs;D5 AG argmax eC8Cs AX D4 M 1 A0  A4 d M 1 D5 C2 A4 hM1 D4e,fsD5 B5 AG argmax eC8Cs AY F4 m mhmD4e,fsD5 D0D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D1D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D2 AGaD4e,fsD5 A0 A4 F4 m dmhmD4e,fsD5 D0D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D1D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D2 AGbD4e,fsD5 B6 AG argmax eC8Cs AWa D4e,fsD5 A0  A4 bD4e,fsD5 D0D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D1D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D3D2 D4A6D5 B4   Hence, the total score D4A6D5 for any candidate translation corresponds to a line in the plane with  as the independent variable.
1	In  , the definition words were used as initial sense indicators, automatically tagging the target word examples containing them.
1	larke and Lapata   included discourse level features in their framework to leverage context for enhancing coherence
1	4.2 Further practical issues of SCL In practice, there are more free parameters and model choices   besides the ones discussed above.
1	The scores were then weighted by the inverse of their height in the tree and then summed together, similarly to the procedure in  .
2	  and   shows how some of the methods which have been used in the past   are invalid for rare events, and introduce accurate measures of how 'surprising' rare events are.
2	For the results in this paper, we have used Pointwise Mutual Information   instead of IBM Model 1  , since   found it to be as effective on Springer, but faster to compute.
1	We use the same set of binary features as in previous work on this dataset  .
1	arzilay and Lee   also used newspaper articles on the same event as comparable corpora to acquire paraphrases
1	We thus introduce a multiplier  to form the actual objective function that we minimize with respect to :4 summationdisplay iL logp,i  +  Nsummationdisplay inegationslashL H    One may regard  as a Lagrange multiplier that is used to constrain the classifiers uncertainty H to be low, as presented in the work on entropy regularization  .
1	2 Related Work This method is similar to block-orientation modeling   and maximum entropy based phrase reordering model  , in which local orientations   of phrase pairs   are learned via MaxEnt classifiers.
2	2.2 Phrase-based Chinese-to-English MT The MT system used in this paper is Moses, a stateof-the-art phrase-based system  .
1	1 Motivation Most of the noisy-channel-based models used in statistical machine translation     are conditional probability models.
1	It is sometimes assumed that estimates of entropy   upper bound of 1.75 bits per character for printed English) are directly 3There are some cases where words are deliberately misspelled in order to get better output from the synthesizer, such as coyote spelled kiote.
1	Given the motivations for performing a linguistically-informedextraction whichwere also put forth, among others, by Church and Hanks , Smadja  and Heid    and given the recent developmentof linguisticanalysistools,itseemsplausiblethatthe linguisticstructurewill be more and more taken intoaccountbycollocationextractionsystems.
1	One obvious first approach would be to run a simpler model for the first iteration  , which tends to be very recall oriented) and use this to see subsequent iterations of the more complex model.
1	We extract the named entities from the web pages using the Stanford Named Entity Recognizer  .
1	Word features are introduced primarily to help with unknown words, as in  .
2	Firstly,   resorted to heuristics to extract the Stringto-Dependency trees, whereas our approach employs the well formalized CCG grammatical theory.
1	This score measures the precision of unigrams, bigrams, trigrams and fourgrams with respect to a reference translation with a penalty for too short sentences  .
1	context-free rules Charniak   Collins  , Eisner   context-free rules, headwords Charniak   context-free rules, headwords, grandparent nodes Collins   context-free rules, headwords, grandparent nodes/rules, bigrams, two-level rules, two-level bigrams, nonheadwords Bod   all fragments within parse trees Scope of Statistical Dependencies Model Figure 4.
1	For this purpose, we adopt the view of the ITG constraints as a bilingual grammar as, e.g., in  .
2	They are latent variable models which are not tractable to compute exactly, but two approximations exist which have been shown to be effective for constituent parsing  .
1	First, the Wikipedia gazetteer improved the accuracy as expected, i.e., it reproduced the result of Kazama and Torisawa   for Japanese NER.
1	To reduce the time complexity, we adapted the lazy update proposed in  , which was also used in  .
1	Researchers have focused on learning adjectives or adjectival phrases   and verbs  , but no previous work has focused on learning nouns.
1	Existing statistical NLG   uses corpus statistics to inform heuristic decisions in what is otherwise symbolic generation  ;   applies n-gram models to select the overall most likely realisation after generation  ; or   reuses an existing parsing grammar or treebank for surface realisation  .
1	Riloff and Jones 1999) note that the bootstrapping algorithm works well but its performance can deteriorate rapidly when non-coreferring data enter as candidate heuristics
1	Goodman, 2004) and lscript22 regularization  .
1	80 8.0% Positive child education Positive cost Negative SUBJECT increase Figure 3: An example of a word-polarity lattice Various methods have already been proposed for sentiment polarity classification, ranging from the use of co-occurrence with typical positive and negative words   to bag of words   and dependency structure  .
1	These words and phrases are usually compiled using different approaches (Hatzivassiloglou and McKeown, 1997; Kaji and Kitsuregawa, 2006; Kanayama and Nasukawa, 2006; Esuli and Sebastiani, 2006; Breck et al, 2007; Ding, Liu and Yu.
1	This is related to the wellstudied problem of identifying paraphrases   and the more general variant of recognizing textual entailment, which explores whether information expressed in a hypothesis can be inferred from a given premise.
1	Ultinmtely, however, it seems that a more complex ai)t)roach incorporating back-off and smoothing is necessary ill order to achieve the parsing accuracy achieved by Charniak   and Collins  .
1	arpuat and Wu   approached the issue as a Word Sense Disambiguation problem
1	In contrast, semi-supervised domain adaptation   is the scenario in which, in addition to the labeled source data, we only have unlabeled and no labeled target domain data.
1	2004) use an information extraction engine to extract linguistic features from documents relevant to the target term
1	Using the log-linear form to model p  gives us the flexibility to introduce overlapping features that can represent global context while decoding   and rescoring  , albeit at the cost of the traditional source-channel generative model of translation proposed in  .
1	It has been shown that the methods can be ported to other languages and treebanks  , including Cast3LB  .
1	Recently, severalmethods  have been proposed with similar motivation to ours.
1	In their seminal paper on SMT, Brownand his colleagues highlighted the problems weface aswe go from IBM Models 1-2 to 3-5  3: Asweprogress from Model1toModel5, evaluating the expectations that gives us counts becomes increasingly difficult.
1	Within NLP, applications include sentiment-analysis problems   and content selection for text generation  .
1	The extension of dynamic SBNs with incrementally specified model structure   was proposed and applied to constituent parsing in  .
1	The word-based edit distance heuristic yields pairs that are relatively clean but offer relatively minor rewrites in generation, especially when compared to the MSA model of  .
1	In this paper, sentence pairs are extracted by a simple model that is based on the so-called IBM Model1  .
1	Artificial ungrammaticalities have been used in various NLP tasks   The idea of an automatically generated ungrammatical treebank was proposed by Foster  .
1	The output by each approach will be evaluated using benchmark data sets of Bakeoff-32  .
1	1 Introduction and Motivation Detecting contradictory statements is an important and challenging NLP task with a wide range of potential applications including analysis of political discourse, of scientific literature, and more  .
1	Both calculate the precision of a translation by comparing it to a reference translation and incorporating a length penalty  .]
1	We can mentionhere only part of this work:   for monolingualextraction, and (Kupiec, 1993; Wu,1994;Smadjaetal.
1	SCL for Discriminative Parse Selection So far, pivot features on the word level were used  .
2	Some local features by combining of LBP and Gabor feature have been proposed  , which can achieve better recognition performance than either feature alone.
2	We next identified well-characterized Saccharomyces cerevisiae polarity genes BNI1, BUD3, BUD6 and SPA2  .
0	Although evaluated on a different test set, our method also outperforms the correlation with human scores reported in Liu and Gildea  .
1	In order to estimate the conditional distributions shown in Table 1, we use the general technique of choosing the MaxEnt distribution that properly estimates the average of each feature over the training data  .
1	hese are most directly presented in Ostler and Atkins  
1	With respect to already available POS tagsets, the scheme allows corresponding extensions of the supertype POSTag to, e.g., PennPOSTag  ) or GeniaPOSTag  ).
1	Until now, we have defined BestLossk, a to be the minimum of the loss given that the kth feature is updated an optimal amount: BestLossk, amin d LogLossUpda,k,d In this section we sketch a different approach, based on results from Collins, Schapire, and Singer  , which leads to an algorithm very similar to that for ExpLoss in Figures 3 and 4.
1	Work in this area includes that of Lin and Hovy   and Pastra and Saggion  , both of whom inspect the use of Bleu-like metrics   in summarization.
1	For evaluation we use a state-of-the-art baseline system     which works with a log-linear interpolation of feature functions optimized by MERT  .
2	For example, it is well known that translation-invariant undecimated wavelets   are a dramatically more effective domain than the basic fully decimated orthogonal   wavelets for denoised a signal by shrinkage; the realization of
2	Indeed, as for the voted perceptron of Collins  , we can get performance gains by reducing the support threshold for features to be included in the model.
1	According to Carletta  , K measures pairwise agreement among a set of coders making category judgments, correcting for expected chance agreement as follows: KP  -P  1 -P  where P  is the proportion of times that the coders agree and P  is the proportion of times that they would be expected to agree by chance.
2	In our experiments, we have used Averaged Perceptron   and Perceptron with margin   to improve performance.
2	In related work  , both supervised and unsupervised approaches have been shown to have their pros and cons.
1	We only describe these models briefly since full details are presented elsewhere .
1	5.2 Maximum Entropy Model We use the Maximum Entropy   Model   for our classification task.
0	Phrases extracted using these heuristics are also shown to perform better than syntactically motivated phrases, the joint model, and IBM model 4  .
1	Due to limited variations in the N-Best list, the nature of ranking, and more importantly, the non-differentiable objective functions used for MT  ), one often found only local optimal solutions to , with no clue to walk out of the riddles.
1	1 Introduction In this paper, we study the use of so-called word trigger pairs     to improve an existing language model, which is typically a trigram model in combination with a cache component  .
1	We use minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights for the log-linear model.
1	We performed feature selection by incrementally growing a log-linear model with order0 features f  using a forward feature selection procedure similar to  .
1	3 Language modelling with Bloom filters Recentwork presenteda scheme for associating static frequency information with a set of n-grams in a BF efficiently.1 3.1 Log-frequency Bloom filter The efficiency of the scheme for storing n-gram statistics within a BF presented in Talbot and Osborne   relies on the Zipf-like distribution of n-gramfrequencies: mosteventsoccuranextremely small number of times, while a small number are very frequent.
1	We perform term disambiguation on each document using an entity extractor  .
1	Apart from the fact that we present an alternative model, our work differs from Marcu and Echihabi   in two important ways.
1	We also do not require a newly added feature to be either atomic or a collocation of an atomic feature with a feature already included into the model as it was proposed in    .
1	The term global feature vector is used by Collins   to distinguish between feature count vectors for whole sequences and the local feature vectors in ME tagging models, which are Boolean valued vectors containing the indicator features for one element in the sequence.
1	The IBM translation models   describe word reordering via a distortion model defined over word positions within sentence pairs.
2	A primary benefit of these models is the inclusion of variability in model parameters  .
0	Also, on WS-353, our hybrid sense-filtered variants and word-cos-ll obtained a correlation score higher than published results using WordNet-based measures     and Wikipediabased methods    ; and very close to the results obtained by thesaurus-based     and LSA-based methods    .
1	In all of the cited approaches, the Penn Wall Street Journal Treebank   is used, the availability of whichobviates the standard eort required for treebank traininghandannotating large corpora of specic domains of specic languages with specic parse types.
1	1 Introduction Given a source-language   sentence f, the problem of machine translation is to automatically produce a target-language   translation e. The mathematics of the problem were formalized by  , and re-formulated by   in terms of the optimization e = arg maxe Msummationdisplay m=1 mhm    where fhm g is a set of M feature functions and fmg a set of weights.
1	The rules are then treated as events in a relative frequency estimate.4 We used Giza++ Model 4 to obtain word alignments  , using the grow-diag-final-and heuristic to symmetrise the two directional predictions  .
1	  use the Learning as Search Optimization framework to take into account the non-locality behavior of the coreference features.
2	His results may be improved if more sophisticated techniques and larger corpora are used to establish similarity between words  ).
1	On one hand, as   evidence, clusters of paraphrases can lead to better learning of text-totext rewriting rules compared to just pairs of paraphrases.
2	First, we compared our system output to human reference translations using Bleu  , a widelyaccepted objective metric for evaluation of machine translations.
2	In addition, the averaged parameters technology   is used to alleviate overfitting and achieve stable performance.
1	A recent trend is to store the LM in a distributed cluster of machines, which are queried via network requests  .
1	1 Introduction In the field of statistical parsing, various probabilistic evaluation models have been proposed where different models use different feature types  .
1	  Och   provides evidence that  should be chosen by optimizing an objective function basd on the evaluation metric of interest, rather than likelihood.
2	solution that leverages the complementary strengths of these two approachesdescribed in detail by McDonald and Nivre  was recently and successfully explored by Nivre and McDonald  
1	Recently, confusion-network-based system combination algorithms have been developed to combine outputs of multiple machine translation   systems to form a consensus output  .
1	Inversion Transduction Grammar   is the model of Wu  , Tree-to-String is the model of Yamada and Knight  , and Tree-to-String, Clone allows the node cloning operation described above.
1	Amount of works have been done on sentimental classification in different levels  .
1	Early examples of this work include  ; more recent models include  .
2	This similarity score is computed as a max over a number of component scoring functions, some based on external lexical resources, including:  various string similarity functions, of which most are applied to word lemmas  measures of synonymy, hypernymy, antonymy, and semantic relatedness, including a widelyused measure due to Jiang and Conrath  , based on manually constructed lexical resources such as WordNet and NomBank  a function based on the well-known distributional similarity metric of Lin  , which automatically infers similarity of words and phrases from their distributions in a very large corpus of English text The ability to leverage external lexical resources both manually and automatically constructedis critical to the success of MANLI.
1	In addition to reducing the original sentences, Jing and McKeown   use a number of manually compiled rules to aggregate reduced sentences; for example, reduced clauses might be conjoined with and.
1	Inspired by the idea of graph based algorithms to collectively rank and select the best candidate, research efforts in the natural language community have applied graph-based approaches on keyword selection  , text summarization  , word sense disambiguation  , sentiment analysis  , and sentence retrieval for question answering  .
2	ROUGE version 1.5.5   was used for evaluation.2 Among others, we focus on ROUGE-1 in the discussion of the result, because ROUGE-1 has proved to have strong correlation with human annotation  .
1	While the need for annotation by multiple raters has been well established in NLP tasks  , most previous work in error detection has surprisingly relied on only one rater to either create an annotated corpus of learner errors, or to check the systems output.
1	Ramshaw and Marcus   views chunking as a tagging problem.
1	2 Baseline DP Decoder The translation model used in this paper is a phrasebased model  , where the translation units are so-called blocks: a block b is a pair consisting of a source phrase s and a target phrase t which are translations of each other.
1	We perform minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights for the log-linear modeltomaximizethesystemssBLEUscoreonthe development set.
1	Alignment models to structure the translation model are introduced in  .
1	1 To train their system, R&M used a 200k-word chunk of the Penn Treebank Parsed Wall Street Journal   tagged using a transformation-based tagger   and extracted base noun phrases from its parses by selecting noun phrases that contained no nested noun phrases and further processing the data with some heuristics   to flatten the recursive structure of the parse.
1	As previously observed in the literature  , such components include a clause in the clause conjunction, relative clauses, and some elements within a clause  .
0	However, due to the lack of a fine grained NER tool at hand, we employ the Stanford NER package   which identifies only four types of named entities.
2	We believe that the extensive usage of such measures derives also from the availability of robust and freely availablesoftwarethatallowstocomputethem .
1	They have used the   representation as well  .
1	We use SUMMA   to generate generic and query-based multi-document summaries and evaluate them using ROUGE evaluation metrics   relative to human generated summaries.
1	They give a probabilistic formation of paraphrasing which naturally falls out of the fact that they use techniques from phrase-based statistical machine translation: e2 = argmax e2:e2negationslash=e1 p    where p  = summationdisplay f p p     summationdisplay f p p    Phrase translation probabilities p  and p  are commonly calculated using maximum likelihood estimation  : p  = count summationtext f count    where the counts are collected by enumerating all bilingual phrase pairs that are consistent with the 197 conseguido .opportunitiesequalcreatetofailedhasprojecteuropeanthe oportunidadesdeigualdadlahanoeuropeoproyectoel Figure 1: The interaction of the phrase extraction heuristic with unaligned English words means that the Spanish phrase la igualdad aligns with equal, create equal, and to create equal.
1	The classifier uses mutual information   scores rather than the raw frequences of the occurring patterns  .
1	The MT systems of   learn to generate text in the target language straight from the source language, without the aid of an explicit semantic representation.
1	This approach to minimally supervised classifier construction has been widely studied  , especially in cases in which the features of interest are orthogonal in some sense  .
1	The dataset is available only in English and has been widely used in previous semantic relatedness evaluations  ).
0	Much of this work has utilized the fundamental concept of semantic orientation,  ; however, sentiment analysis still lacks a unified field theory.
1	1 Introduction Parsers have been developed for a variety of grammar formalisms, for example HPSG  , LFG  , TAG  , CCG  , and variants of phrase-structure grammar  , including the phrase-structure grammar implicit in the Penn Treebank  .
1	3.3 Methods We parsed the English side of each bilingual bitext and both sides of each English/English bitext using an off-the-shelf syntactic parser  , which was trained on sections 02-21 of the Penn English Treebank  .
1	  described the use of a biased PageRank over the WordNet graph to compute word pair semantic relatedness using the divergence of the probability values over the graph created by each word.
1	The PropBank superimposes an annotation of semantic predicate-argument structures on top of the Penn Treebank    .
1	ur statistical tagging model is modified from the standard bigrams   using Viterbi search plus onthe-fly extra computing of lexical probabilities for unknown morphemes
1	Other commonly used measures include kappa   and relative utility  , both of which take into account the performance of a summarizer that randomly picks passages from the original document to produce an extract.
1	In many applications, it has been shown that sentences with subjective meanings are paid more attention than factual ones  .
1	Note that, since the FrameNet data does not include deep syntactic tree annotation, we processed the FrameNet data with Collins parser  , consequently, the experiments on FrameNet relate to automatic syntactic parse trees.
1	Some of them have been fully tested in real size texts  ,  ,  , knowledge based methods  ,  , or mixed methods  ,  ).
1	203 Estimating the parameters for these models is more difficult   than with the models considered in the previous section: rather than simply being able to count the word pairs and alignment relationships and estimate the models directly, we must use an existing model to compute the expected counts for all possible alignments, and then use these counts to update the new model.7 This training strategy is referred to as expectationmaximization   and is guaranteed to always improve the quality of the prior model at each iteration  .
1	Firstly, there is also H  A  declined H  H  the dollar A  H  C  H  H  Figure 2: A tree with constituents marked the top-down method, which is a version of the algorithm described by Hockenmaier et al  , but used for translating into simple   CG rather than the Steedmans Combinatory Categorial Grammar    .
1	In other words, learning with L1 regularization naturally has an intrinsic effect of feature selection, which results in an 97 efficient and interpretable inference with almost the same performance as L2 regularization  .
1	Much research has been done to improve tagging accuracy using several different models and methods, including: hidden Markov models    ,  ; rule-based systems  ,  ; memory-based systems  ; maximum-entropy systems  ; path voting constraint systems  ; linear separator systems  ; and majority voting systems  .
1	220  ; they can overlap.5 Additionally, since phrase features can be any function of words and alignments, we permit features that consider phrase pairs in which a target word outside the target phrase aligns to a source word inside the source phrase, as well as phrase pairs with gaps  .
1	, 1989), e.g, lexicography  , information retrieval  , text input  , etc. This paper will touch on its feasibility in topic identification.
1	 ), less prior work exists for bilingual acquisition of domain-specific translations.
1	More recently, Clarke and Lapata   use Centering Theory   and Lexical Chains   to identify which information to prune.
1	nd Semantic Knowledge Sources for Coreference Resolution Ponzetto & Strube   and Strube & Ponzetto   aimed at showing that the encyclopedia that anyone can edit can be indeed used as a semantic resource for research in NLP
0	This strategy is commonly used in MT evaluation, because of BLEUs well-known problems with documents of small size  .
1	Their approaches include the use of a vector-based information retrieval technique   /bin/bash: line 1: a: command not found Our do- mains are more varied, which may results in more recognition errors.
0	1 Introduction Translations tables in Phrase-based Statistical Machine Translation   are often built on the basis of Maximum-likelihood Estimation  , being one of the major limitations of this approach that the source sentence context in which phrases occur is completely ignored  .
1	The model weights of the transducer are tuned based on the development set using a grid-based line search, and the translation results are evaluated based on a single Chinese reference6 using BLEU-4  .
1	In none of these cases did we repeat minimum-error-rate training; all these systems were trained using max-B. The metrics we tested were:  METEOR  , version 0.6,usingtheexact,Porter-stemmer,andWordNet synonmy stages, and the optimized parameters  = 0.81,  = 0.83,  = 0.28 as reported in  .
1	4 Evaluation As our algorithm works in open domains, we were able to perform a corpus-based evaluation using the Penn WSJ Treebank  .
1	Probabilistic models where probabilities are assigned to the CFG backbone of the unification-based grammar have been developed  , and the most probable parse is found by PCFG parsing.
1	Automatic methods for this often make use of lexicons of words tagged with positive and negative semantic orientation  .
2	The validated Malay version of GAD-7 which was found to have good sensitivity and specificity was used in this study  .
1	These methods are based on IBM statistical translation Model 2  , but take advantage of certain characteristics of the segments of text that can typically be extracted from translation memories.
1	should appear with at most one value in each announcement, although the field and value may be repeated  .
1	We use 3500 sentences from CoNLL   as the NER data and section 20-23 of the WSJ   as the POS/chunk data  .
1	To counteract this, we introduce two brevity penalty measures   inspired by BLEU   which we incorporate into the loss function, using a product, loss = 1PrecBP: BP1 = exp )   BP2 = exp ) where r is the reference length and c is the candidate length.
1	The published F score for voted perceptron is 93.53% with a different feature set  .
2	In contrast, the idea of bootstrapping for relation and information extraction was first proposed in  , and successfully applied to the construction of semantic lexicons  , named entity recognition  , extraction of binary relations  , and acquisition of structured data for tasks such as Question Answering  .
1	This segmentation task can be achieved by assigning words in a sentence to one of three tokens: B for Begin-NP, I for Inside-NP, or O for OutsideNP  .
0	Hanks and Church   proposed using pointwise mutual information to identify collocations in lexicography; however, the method may result in unacceptable collocations for low-count pairs.
1	he idea of synchronous SSMT can be traced back to Wu  s Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars
1	Occasionally, in 59 sentences out of 2416 on section 23 of the Wall Street Journal Penn Treebank  , the shift-reduce parser fails to attach a node to a head, producing a disconnected graph.
1	Note that the need to consider segmentation and alignment at the same time is also mentioned in  , and related issues are reported in  .
1	Co-selection measures include precision and recall of co-selected sentences, relative utility  , and Kappa  .
1	Among all possible target strings, we will choose the one with the highest probability which is given by Bayes' decision rule  :,~ = argmaxP,' } = argmax {P,' .
1	In our search procedure, we use a mixture-based alignment model that slightly differs from the model introduced as Model 2 in  .
1	his model is related to the averaged perceptron algorithm of Collins  
1	e measured associations using the log-likelihood measure   for each combination of target category and semantic class by converting each cell of the contingency into a 22 contingency table
1	e used the same 58 feature types as Ratnaparkhi  
1	It is possible to prove that, provided the training set   is separable with margin > 0, the algorithm is assured to converge after a finite number of iterations to a model with zero training errors  .
1	2.4 Factor Model Decomposition Factored translation models   extend the phrase-based model by integrating word level factors into the decoding process.
2	Retrospective studies have demonstrated improved local control rates with postoperative external beam radiotherapy    .
1	A monotonic segmentation copes with monotonic alignments, that is, j < k ??aj < ak following the notation of  .
1	Note that conditioning on the rules parent is needed to disallow the structure   for further discussion.
0	We chose nouns that occur a minimum of 10 times in the corpus, have no undetermined translations and at least five different translations in the six nonEnglish languages, and have the log likelihood score of at least 18; that is: LL  =  = 2 1 ij n* j * j*i ij n log  18 where n ij stands for the number of times T T and T S have been seen together in aligned sentences, n i* and n *j stand for the number occurrences of T T and T S, respectively, and n ** represents the total 4 We computed raw percentages only; common measures of annotator agreement such as the Kappa statistic   proved to be inappropriate for our two-category   classification scheme.
1	For the English experiments, we use the now-standard training and test sets that were introduced in  2.
1	Previous approaches include supervised learning  ,  , vectorial similarity computed between an initial abstract and sentences in the given document, intradocument similarities  , or graph algorithms  ,  ,  .
1	We have investigated this and our results are in line with   showing that the translation quality does not improve if we utilize phrases beyond a certain length.
1	A major issue in MaxEnt training is how to select proper features and determine the feature targets  .
1	Others have introduced alternative discriminative training methods  , in which a recurring challenge is scalability: to train many features, we need many train218 ing examples, and to train discriminatively, we need to search through all possible translations of each training example.
1	First, we use the standard approach of greedily assigning each of the learned classes to the POS tag with which it has the greatest overlap, and then computing tagging accuracy  .8 Additionally, we compute the mutual information of the learned clusters with the gold tags, and we compute the cluster F-score  .
2	One of the best efforts to quantify the performance of a term-recognition system   does so only for one processing stage, leaving unassessed the text-to-output performance of the system.
1	Hence our classifier evaluation omits those two word positions, leading to n2 classifications for a string of length n. Table 1 shows statistics from sections 2-21 of the Penn WSJ Treebank  .
1	Numbers in the table correspond to the percentage of experiments in which the condition at the head of the column was true   proach  ).
2	On the contrary, when nonvertebrobasilar vertigo is considered, the combination of cervical MRI, TCD and BAEP has superiorities to rule out vertebrobasilar insufficiency for their negative correlations  .
1	We also implemented an averaged perceptron system     for comparison.
1	e also experimented with a method suggested by Brent   which applies the binomial test on frame frequency data
2	2.2 Statistical Parsers Pioneered by the IBM natural language group   and later pursued by, for example, Schabes, Roth, and Osborne  , Jelinek et al.
2	Even with incidence of this tendinosis of the insertion in a fresh, distal rupture, good experiences were seen with the transcalcaneal pDI suture technique  .
1	is relevant to finite-state phrase-based models that use no parse trees  , tree-tostring models that rely on one parse tree  , and tree-to-tree models that rely on two parse trees  .
1	Wu   demonstrates the case of binary SCFG parsing, where six string boundary variables, three for each language as in monolingual CFG parsing, interact with each other, yielding an O  dynamic programming algorithm, where N is the string length, assuming the two paired strings are comparable in length.
1	Thus, we used the five taggers, MBL  , MXPOST  , fnTBL  , TnT, and IceTagger3, in the same manner as described in  , but with the following minor changes.
2	This approach took inspiration from the pioneering work by  , but it is also fundamentally different, because instead of grouping similar senses together, the CoreLex approach groups together words according to all of their senses.
1	Data-based Methods Data-based approaches extract their information directly from texts and are divided into supervised and unsupervised methods  .
1	As a result, the string translation probability can be decomposed into a lexicon probability and an alignment probability  .
1	By treating a letter/character as a word and a group of letters/characters as a phrase or token unit in SMT, one can easily apply the traditional SMT models, such as the IBM generative model   or the phrase-based translation model   to transliteration.
1	of Linguistics University of Potsdam kuhn@ling.uni-potsdam.de Abstract The empirical adequacy of synchronous context-free grammars of rank two    , used in syntaxbased machine translation systems such as Wu  , Zhang et al.
2	4, we see strong parallels between TransType and ITU: language model enumerating word sequences vs 4 Initially statistical MT used a noisy-channel approach   have introduced a more general framework based on the maximum-entropy principle, which shows nice prospects in terms of flexibility and learnability.
1	2  also presents the method using the averaged perceptron   3For re-ranking problems, Shen and Joshi   proposed a perceptron algorithm that also uses margins.
1	In general, Agold / Acandidates; following   and   for parse reranking and   for translation reranking, we define Aoracle as alignment in Acandidates that is most similar to Agold.8 We update each feature weight i as follows: i = i + hAoraclei hA1-besti .9 Following  , after each training pass, we average all the feature weight vectors seen during the pass, and decode the discriminative training set using the vector of averaged feature weights.
1	3 Results and Analysis Hall   shows that the oracle parsing accuracy of a k-best edge-factored MST parser is considerably higher than the one-best score of the same parser, even when k is small.
2	  discussed efficient implementation.
1	Turney   showed that it is possible to use only a few of those semantically oriented words   to label other phrases co-occuring with them as positive or negative.
1	2.1 The BLEU Metric The metric most often used with MERT is BLEU  , where the score of a candidate c against a reference translation r is: BLEU = BP ,len )exp , where pn is the n-gram precision2 and BP is a brevity penalty meant to penalize short outputs, to discourage improving precision at the expense of recall.
1	Wu and Weld   and Cucerzan   calculate the overlap between contexts of named entities and candidate articles from Wikipedia, using overlap ratios or similarity scores in a vector space model, respectively.
0	In the meantime, synchronous parsing methods efficiently process the same bitext phrases while building their bilingual constituents, but continue to be employed primarily for word-to-word analysis  .
1	Smadja   also detailed techniques for collocation extraction and developed a program called XTRACT, which is capable of computing flexible collocations based on elaborated statistical calculation.
1	No pretagged text is necessary for Hidden Markov Models  .
1	This results in two forbidden alignment structures, shown in Figure 1, called inside-out transpositions in  .
1	One solution would be to apply the maximum entropy estimation technique  ) to all of the three components of the SLM, or at least to the CONSTRUCTOR.
1	Talbot and Brants   show that Bloomier filters   can be used to create perfect hash functions for language models.
1	2 Related work Our approach for emotion classification is based on the idea of   and is similar to those of   and  .
2	Assuming the well-known Kronecker correlation structure   we can decompose H as H = R 1 2HwS 1 2   where R and S are the receive and transmit correlation matrices respectively, satisfying tr   = Nr and tr   = Nt, and the elements of Hw are i.
1	This second source of evidence is sometimes referred to as distributional similarity  .
1	One of the most relevant work is  , which proposed to integrate various patterns in order to measure semantic similarity between words.
1	Effective training algorithm exists   once the set of features a42 a57 a16 a1a33a8 a71a54a8 a71a100a85a68a5 a53 is selected.
1	Relatedness scores are computed for each pair of senses of the grammatically linked pair of words  , using the WordNet-Similarity-1.03 package and the lesk 759 option  .
1	A quick search in the Penn Treebank   shows that about 17% of all sentences contain parentheticals or other sentence fragments, interjections, or unbracketable constituents.
1	We have   Hypernym Patterns based on patterns proposed by   and  ,   Sibling Patterns which are basically conjunctions, and   Part-of Patterns based on patterns proposed by   and  .
1	2 Incremental Parsing This section gives a description of Collins and Roarks incremental parser   and discusses its problem.
2	  reported improved model performance to predict the presence of prairie fish species if information on reach and catchment scale are combined.
1	For symmetrization, we found that Och and Neys refined technique described in   produced the best AER for this data set under all experimental conditions.
1	Automatic subjectivity analysis would also be useful to perform flame recognition  , e-mail classification  , intellectual attribution in text  , recognition of speaker role in radio broadcasts  , review mining  , review classification  , style in generation  , and clustering documents by ideological point of view  .
2	By exploiting all available links, it improves CTP  .
1	3 Perceptron Training The parsing problem is to find a mapping from a set of sentences x ??X to a set of parses y ??Y. We assume that the mapping F is represented through a feature vector   ??Rd and a parameter vector  ??Rd in the following way  : F  = argmax y?GEN      where GEN  denotes the set of possible parses for sentence x and     = summationtexti ii  is the inner product.
1	We tested several measures, such as ROUGE   and the cosine distance.
1	As modern systems move toward integrating many features  , resources such as this will become increasingly important in improving translation quality.
1	After unioning the Viterbi alignments, the stems were replaced with their original words, and phrase-pairs of up to five foreign words in length were extracted in the usual fashion  .
1	Movie and product reviews have been the main focus of many of the recent studies in this area  .
1	Multiple translations of the same text  , corresponding articles from multiple news sources  , and bilingual corpus   have been utilized.
1	A third of this is syntactically parsed as part of the Penn Treebank   and has dialog act annotation  .
1	Note that although the source of the data is the same as in Section 5, as Yarowsky   did.
0	While several methods have been proposed to automatically extract compounds  , we know of no successful attempt to automatically make classes of compounds.
1	These texts were not seen at the training phase which means that neither the 6Since Brill's tagger was trained on the Penn tag-set   we provided an additional mapping.
1	Galley   used skip-chain Conditional Random Fields to model pragmatic dependencies between paired meeting utterances  , and used a combination of lexical, prosodic, structural and discourse features to rank utterances by importance.
1	here have been many approaches to compute the similarity between words based on their distribution in a corpus  
1	For many languages, large-scale syntactically annotated corpora have been built  ), and many parsing algorithms using CFGs have been proposed.
1	ut it is close to the paradigm described by Yarowsky   and Turney   as it also employs self-training based on a relatively small seed data set which is incrementally enlarged with unlabelled samples
1	We compare system performance between   and our framework in Section 5.
1	The ongoing evaluation literature is perhaps most obvious in the machine translation communitys efforts to better BLEU  .
1	A novel approach was described in  , which used an unsupervised training technique, extracting relations that were explicitly and unamibiguously signalled and automatically labelling those examples as the training set.
1	Also, even the two-category version of the rating-inference problem for movie reviews has proven quite challenging for many automated classi cation techniques  .
1	The measure simHinate is the same as the similarity measure proposed in  , except that it does not use dependency triples with negative mutual information.
1	  and compare with results reported by HK06   and CRR07  .
0	Moreover, although clinical results of tension-band wiring are satisfactory in the short term  .
2	Interest in the use of CWs for remediation of runoff from agricultural irrigation and agro-industrial production has become increasingly popular over the last decades, due to their low capital and operational cost, low energy consumption, and environmental friendliness  .
1	In contrast, more recent research has focused on stochastic approaches that model discourse coherence at the local lexical   and global levels  , while preserving regularities recognized by classic discourse theories  .
1	Results for chunking Penn Treebank data were previously presented by several authors  .
1	So unlike some other studies  , we used manually annotated alignments instead of automatically generated ones.
1	  describe an error-driven transformation-based learning   method for finding NP chunks in texts.
1	This curve plots the average labeled attachment score over Basque, Chinese, English, and Turkish as a function of parsing time per token.4 Accuracy of only 1% below the maximum can be achieved with average processing time of 17 ms per token, or 60 tokens per second.5 We also refer the reader to   for more detailed analysis of the ISBN dependency parser results, where, among other things, it was shown that the ISBN model is especially accurate at modeling long dependencies.
0	This model also outperformed a logistic regression model recently proposed by Malhotra et al.  , where choice was predicted by evidence difference and time  .
1	One other work that investigates the use of a limited lexicon is  , which develops a prototype-drive approach to propagate the categorical property using distributional similarity features; using only three exemplars of each tag, they achieve a tagging accuracy of 80.5% using a somewhat larger dataset but also the full Penn tagset, which is much larger.
1	We ran the decoder with its default settings and then used Moses implementation of minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights on the development set.
1	We measured inter-annotator agreement with the Kappa statistic   using the 1,391 items that two annotators scored in common.
1	Note that apart from previous work   we use complete skip-chain   edges in hc .
1	Practically, the grammar relaxation is done via the introduction of non-standard CCG rules  .
1	The first model, referred to as Maxent1 below, is a loglinear combination of a trigram language model with a maximum entropy translation component that is an analog of the IBM translation model 2  .
2	Then, some manual and automatic symbol splitting methods are presented, which get comparable performance with lexicalized parsers  .
1	Although the training algorithm can handle realvalued features as used in   the current paper intentionally excludes them.
1	All submitted runs were evaluated with the automatic metrics: ROUGE  , which calculates the proportion of n-grams shared between the candidate summary and the reference summaries, and Basic Elements  , which compares the candidate to the models in terms of head-modifier pairs.
1	Different approaches have been proposed for modeling Pr  in Equation  : Zero-order models such as model 1, model 2,andmodel 3   and the rstorder models such as model 4, model 5  , hidden Markov model  , and model 6  .
1	Statistical machine translation is based on the noisy channel model, where the translation hypothesis is searched over the space defined by a translation model and a target language  .
1	The phrase translation table is learnt in the following manner: The parallel corpus is word-aligned bidirectionally, and using various heuristics   for details) phrase correspondences are established.
1	1 Introduction The task of sentence compression   can be defined as summarizing a single sentence by removing information from it  .
1	Rapp   calls this trade-off specificity; equivalent observations were made by Church & Hanks   and Church et al  , who refer to the tendency for large windows to wash out, smear or defocus those associations exhibited at smaller scales.
1	The NP chunks in the shared task data are base-NP chunks  which are non-recursive NPs, a definition first proposed by Ramshaw and Marcus  .
1	Some of these have been previously employed for various tasks by Gabrilovich and Markovitch,  ; Overell and Ruger  , Cucerzan  , and Suchanek et al.
2	1 Introduction By exploiting information encoded in human-produced syntactic trees  , research on probabilistic models of syntax has driven the performance of syntactic parsers to about 90% accuracy  .
0	Studies based on adherence to the ACS and/or the WCRF/AICR guidelines also reported that women who adhere to the guidelines were less likely to develop endometrial cancer, but these studies have also failed to provide evidence to suggest that lifestyle-related factors act jointly to influence risk of ovarian cancer  .
1	We implemented this model within an ME modeling framework  .
1	The second voting model is a maximum entropy model  , since Klein and Manning   found that this model yielded higher accuracy than naive Bayes in a subsequent comparison of WSD performance.
1	opSense is tested on 20 words extensively investigated in recent WSD literature  
1	1 Introduction Sentiment classification is a special task of text categorization that aims to classify documents according to their opinion of, or sentiment toward a given subject    .
2	The state-of-the art taggers are using feature sets discribed in the corresponding articles  ,  ,   and  ), Morce supervised and Morce semi-supervised are using feature set desribed in section 4.
2	Recently, 3D-CNNs have been widely used for various 3D data analysis tasks such as 3D detection or classification  .
1	Works on word similarity and word sense disambiguation are generally based on statistical methods designed for large or even very large corpora  .
1	Word alignment models were first introduced in statistical machine translation  .
1	We used MXPOST  , and in order to discover more general patterns, we map the tag set down after tagging, e.g. NN, NNP, NNPS and NNS all map to NN.
1	 , we treat the word identities as a further refinement of the POS tags; thus we build a word classification tree for each POS tag.
1	Our method is thus related to previous work based on Harris  s distributional hypothesis.2 It has been used to determine both word and syntactic path similarity  .
0	Note that our result on Dataset A is as strong as that obtained by Pang and Lee   via their subjectivity summarization algorithm, which retains only the subjective portions of a document.
0	Only the measures provided by LESK, HSO, VEC,  , and   provide a method for predicting adjective similarities; of these, only LESK and VEC outperform the uninformed baseline on adjectives, while our learned measure achieves a 4.0% improvement over the LESK measure on adjectives.
2	The recent development of HLA class II   and CD1d tetramers   makes the additional monitoring of CD4+ and NKT cells feasible.
1	Due to advances in statistical syntactic parsing techniques  , attention has recently shifted towards the harder question of analyzing the meaning of natural language sentences.
1	2.1 Data representation We have compared four complete and three partial data representation formats for the baseNP recognition task presented in  .
2	1 Introduction The reranking approach is widely used in parsing   as well as in other structured classification problems.
1	Other methods include rule-based systems  , maximum entropy models  , and memory-based models  .
1	4 Architecture of the SMT system The goal of statistical machine translation   is to produce a target sentence e from a source sentence f. It is today common practice to use phrases as translation units   and a log linear framework in order to introduce several models explaining the translation process: e = argmaxp  = argmaxe {exp )}   The feature functions hi are the system models and the i weights are typically optimized to maximize a scoring function on a development set  .
2	South Africa, Vietnam and Nepal showed that the provision of abortion care by midlevel health care providers is as safe and effective as the abortion care provided by physicians  .
2	Incremental top-down and left-corner parsers have been shown to effectively   make use of non-local features from the left-context to yield very high accuracy syntactic parses  , and we will use such rich models to derive our scores.
2	Methodologies such as lexicalisation   and tree transformations  , weaken the independence assumptions and have been applied successfully to parsing and shown significant improvements over simple PCFGs.
1	s To set weights on the components of the loglinear model, we implemented Ochs algorithm  .
1	The first one makes use of the advances in the parsing technology or on the availability of large parsed corpora  ) to produce algorithms inspired by Hobbs' baseline method  .
1	Even for many unsupervised situations, this is available from a lexicon  .
1	Och and Ney   proposed Model 6, a log-linear combination of IBM translation models and HMM model.
1	2 Statistical Word Alignment Model According to the IBM models  , the statistical word alignment model can be generally represented as in equation  .
1	This includes both the parsers that attach probabilities to parser moves  , but also those of the lexicalized PCFG variety  .
1	These linguistically-motivated trimming rules   iteratively remove constituents until a desired sentence compression rate is reached.
1	In experiments with the system of   we have found that in practice a large number of complete translations are completely monotonic  , suggesting that the system has difficulty learning exactly what points in the translation should allow reordering.
2	The stimulation of chondrocyte and/or osteoblast cell proliferation induced by PEMFs has been shown to have a positive effect in the treatment of fracture healing  .
1	Previous studies   defined a probabilistic model of unification-based grammars as a log-linear model or maximum entropy model  .
0	The work reported in Wu  , which uses an inside-outside type of training algorithm to learn statistical contextfree transduction, has a similar motivation to the current work, but the models we describe here, being fully lexical, are more suitable for direct statistical modelling.
1	Distributional approaches, on the other hand, rely on text corpora, and model relatedness by comparing the contexts in which two words occur, assuming that related words occur in similar context  , Lin  , Mohammad and Hirst  ).
1	These probabilities are estimated with IBM model 1   on parallel corpora.
1	Identification of Terms To-be Transliterated   must not be confused with recognition of Named Entities    .
1	n alternative representation for baseNPs has been put tbrward by Ramshaw and Marcus  
1	ome research into factored machine translation has been published by  
1	Typically, a phrase-based SMT system includes a feature that scores phrase pairs using lexical weights   which are computed for two directions: source to target and target to source.
1	We used the Maximum Entropy approach5   as a machine learner for this task.
1	  94.17 Li and Roth   93.02 94.64 Table 2: Baseline results on three shallow parsing tasks: the NP-Chunking task  ; the CoNLL-2000 Chunking task  ; and the Li & Roth task  , which is the same as CoNLL-2000 but with more training data and a different test section.
1	??word proximity: For the web searches, Turney   uses the NEAR operator and considers only those documents that contain the adjectives within a specific proximity.
1	We compare the following model types: conventional   word n-gram models; conventional IBM class n-gram models interpolated with conventional word n-gram models  ; and model M. All conventional n-gram models are smoothed with modified Kneser-Ney smoothing  , except we also evaluate word n-gram models with Katz smoothing  .
1	Far from full syntactic complexity, we suggest to go back to the simpler alignment methods first described by  .
0	Presently, many systems  ,  ,  ,   focus on online recognition of proper nouns, and have achieved inspiring results in newscorpus but will be deteriorated in special text, such as spoken corpus, novels.
0	Although previous work   has tackled the bootstrapping approach from both the theoretical and practical point of view, many key problems still remain unresolved, such as the selection of initial seed set.
1	We do not consider mixed features between words and POS tags as in  , that is, a single feature consists of either words or tags.
1	Recognizing this, Dolan   proposes a method for ""ambiguating"" dictionary senses by combining them to create grosser sense distinctions.
1	4 The Corpus We used two corpora for our analysis: hospital discharge summaries from 1991 to 1997 from the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, and the January 1996 part of the Wall Street Journal corpus from the Penn TreeBank \ .
0	A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level, e.g.,  , and at sentence level, e.g.,  ; however, the accuracy is still less than desirable.
2	We are starting to see the beginnings of a positive effect of WSD in NLP applications such as Machine Translation  .
1	2.2.2 ENGLISH TRAINING DATA For training in the English experiments, we used WSJ  .
2	1 Introduction Various papers use phrase-based translation systems   that have shown to improve translation quality over single-word based translation systems introduced in  .
1	We use discourse-level feature predicates in a maximum entropy classifier   with binary and n-class classification to select referring expressions from a list.
1	These measures have, in fact, been used previously in measuring term recognition  .
2	In order to filter some noise caused by the error alignment links, we only retain those translation pairs whose translation probabilities are above a threshold 1 D 1  or co-occurring frequencies are above a threshold 2  . When we train the IBM statistical word alignment model with a limited bilingual corpus in the specific domain, we build another translation dictionary with the same method as for the dictionary . But we adopt a different filtering strategy for the translation dictionary . We use log-likelihood ratio to estimate the association strength of each translation pair because Dunning   proved that log-likelihood ratio performed very well on small-scale data.
1	Statistical Model In SIFT's statistical model, augmented parse trees are generated according to a process similar to that described in Collins  .
1	Although LDD annotation is actually provided in Treebanks such as the Penn Treebank   over which they are typically trained, most probabilistic parsers largely or fully ignore this information.
1	The translation quality is evaluated by case-sensitive NIST   and BLEU  2.
0	Unfortunately, this is not always the case, and the above methodology suffers from the weaknesses pointed out by   concerning parse-parse-match procedures.
1	In cut-and-paste summarization  , sentence combination operations were implemented manually following the study of a set of professionally written abstracts; however the particular pasting operation presented here was not implemented.
1	Additionally, we present results of the tagger on the NEGRA corpus   and the Penn Treebank  .
1	Clusters are created by means of distributional techniques in  , while in   low level synonim sets in WordNet are used.
2	In recent years, reranking techniques have been successfully applied to the so-called history-based models  , especially to parsing  .
2	It can also be considered as an extension from the monolingual to the bilingual case of the well-established methods for semantic or syntactic word clustering as proposed by Schtitze  , Grefenstette  , Ruge  , Rapp  , Lin  , and others.
1	We use the log-likelihood X ~ statistic, rather than the Pearson's X 2 statistic, as this is thought to be more appropriate when the counts in the contingency table are low  .
1	2.3 Forest minimum error training To tune the feature weights of our system, we used a variant of the minimum error training algorithm   that computes the error statistics from the target sentences from the translation search space   that are exactly those that are minimally discriminable by changing the feature weights along a single vector in the dimensions of the feature space  .
1	In order to extract the linguistic features necessary for the models, all sentences containing the target word were automatically part-of-speech-tagged using a maximum entropy tagger   and parsed using the Collins parser  .
1	Tillmann and Zhang   used a different update style based on a convex loss function:  = L max parenleftBig 0, 1 parenleftBig si si  parenrightBigparenrightBig 768 Table 1: Experimental results obtained by varying normalized tokens used with surface form.
2	In this paper, we build on recent work   that demonstrated how the Bloom filter  ; BF), a space-efficient randomised data structure for representing sets, could be used to store corpus statistics efficiently.
1	2 Word Alignment Framework A statistical translation model   describes the relationship between a pair of sentences in the source and target languages   using a translation probability P .
2	Among all the language modeling approaches, ngram models have been most widely used in speech recognition   and other applications.
1	We develop this intuition into a technique called synchronous binarization   which binarizes a synchronous production or treetranduction rule on both source and target sides simultaneously.
2	This representation, being contiguous on both sides, successfully reduces the decoding complexity to a low polynomial and significantly improved the search quality  .
1	c2009 Association for Computational Linguistics Automatic Treebank-Based Acquisition of Arabic LFG Dependency Structures Lamia Tounsi Mohammed Attia NCLT, School of Computing, Dublin City University, Ireland {lamia.tounsi, mattia, josef}@computing.dcu.ie Josef van Genabith Abstract A number of papers have reported on methods for the automatic acquisition of large-scale, probabilistic LFG-based grammatical resources from treebanks for English  ,  , German  , Chinese  ,  , Spanish  ,   and French  .
1	Effectiveness Comparison 5.1 English-Chinese ATIS Models Both the transfer and transducer systems were trained and evaluated on English-to-Mandarin Chinese translation of transcribed utterances from the ATIS corpus  
1	129 5 Active learning Whereas a passive supervised learning algorithm is provided with a collection of training examples that are typically drawn at random, an active learner has control over the labelled data that it obtains  .
1	To this purpose, different authors   propose the use of the so-called log-linear models, where the decision rule is given by the expression y = argmax y Msummationdisplay m=1 mhm    where hm  is a score function representing an important feature for the translation of x into y, M is the number of models   and m are the weights of the log-linear combination.
1	Although some work has been done on syllabifying orthographic forms  , syllables are, technically speaking, phonological entities that can only be composed of strings of phonemes.
1	We performed experiments with two statistical classifiers: the decision tree induction system C4.5   and the Tilburg Memory-Based Learner    .
1	iebe   uses Lin   style distributionally similar adjectives in a cluster-and-label process to generate sentiment lexicon of adjectives
2	capable of adaptively approximating powerful classifiers including RBF-SVM, Random Forest , XGBoost .
1	Still, however, such techniques often require seeds, or prototypes  ) which are used to prune search spaces or direct learners.
1	indle   grouped nouns into thesaurus-like lists based on the similarity of their syntactic contexts
1	Experimental Comparison 4.1 Experiments on the ATIS corpus For our first comparison, we used I0 splits from the Penn ATIS corpus   into training sets of 675 sentences and test sets of 75 sentences.
1	6 Related Work In machine translation, the concept of packed forest is first used by Huang and Chiang   to characterize the search space of decoding with language models.
0	Although several methods have already been proposed to incorporate non-local features  , these present a problem that the types of non-local features are somewhat constrained.
1	These heuristics define a phrase pair to consist of a source and target ngrams of a word-aligned source-target sentence pair such that if one end of an alignment is in the one ngram, the other end is in the other ngram    .
1	So far research in automatic opinion recognition has primarily addressed learning subjective language  , identifying opinionated documents   and sentences  , and discriminating between positive and negative language  .
1	3.5 Regularization We apply lscript1 regularization   to make learning more robust to noise and control the effective dimensionality of the feature spacebysubtractingaweightedsumofabsolutevalues of parameter weights from the log-likelihood of the training data w = argmaxw LL  summationdisplay i Ci|wi|   We optimize the objective using a variant of the orthant-wise limited-memory quasi-Newton algorithm proposed by Andrew & Gao  .3 All values Ci are set to 1 in most of the experiments below, although we apply stronger regularization   to reordering features.
1	An alternative method we considered was to estimate certain conditional probabilities, similarly to the formula used in  : SW  log P  f f  = ~ log   P  f f  Here f  is   the probability that any given candidate phrase will be accepted by the spotter, and f  is the probability that this phrase is rejected, i.e., f  = l-f  .
1	In addition to adapting the idea of Head Word Chains  , we also compared the input sentences argument structures against the treebank for certain syntactic categories.
2	In our preliminary experiments, we used a Support Vector Machine   ranker   to learn the structured classi er.2 We also in1See e.g. Collins   for a popular training algorithm.
2	PL, an electrophilic small molecule identified in cell-based, high-throughput screening assays was shown to selectively kill cancer cells without harming the normal epithelial cells  .
1	The translation quality is evaluated by BLEU metric  , as calculated by mteval-v11b.pl 6 with case-sensitive matching of n-grams.
1	On the other hand, integrating an additional component into a baseline SMT system is notoriously tricky as evident in the research on integrating word sense disambiguation   into SMT systems: different ways of integration lead to conflicting conclusions on whether WSD helps MT performance  .
2	Comparing the LFG-based evaluation method with other popular metrics: BLEU, NIST, General Text Matcher    , Translation Error Rate    1, and METEOR  , we show that combining dependency representations with paraphrases leads to a more accurate evaluation that correlates better with human judgment.
2	2 Method Maximum Entropy Markov Models     and their extensions   have been successfully applied to English POS tagging.
2	In particular, the STEAM platform is an interesting exam­ple of event-based  middleware for ad hoc networks, provid­ing location-aware message delivery and an e.ective solution for  event .ltering.
1	To train the model, we use the averaged perceptron algorithm described by Collins  .
1	The significance of G 2 based on the exact conditional distribution does not rely on an asymptotic approximation and is accurate for sparse and skewed data samples   4.2 Information criteria The family of model evaluation criteria known as information criteria have the following expression: IC,~ = G 2 ~ x dof   where G ~ and dof are defined above.
1	A few exceptions are the hierarchical   transduction models   and the string transduction models  .
1	622 We also identified a length effect similar to that studied by   for self-training  .
0	More recently, however, Okanohara and Tsujii   showed that a  1 Conditional maximum entropy models   provide somewhat of a counter-example, but there, too, many kinds of global and non-local features are difficult to use  .
1	The highest BLEU score   was chosen as the optimization criterion.
0	Besides, our model, as being linguistically motivated, is also more expressive than the formally syntax-based models of Chiang   and Wu  .
1	Tile full description of Model 4   is rather complica.ted as there have to be considered tile cases that English words have fertility larger than one and that English words have fertility zero.
1	To measure the translation quality, we use the BLEU score   and the NIST score  .
1	On the base of the chunk scheme proposed by Abney   and the BIO tagging system proposed in Ramshaw and Marcus , many machine learning techniques are used to deal with the problem.
1	The WSJNPVP set consists of part-of speech tagged Wall Street Journal material  , supplemented with syntactic tags indicating noun phrase and verb phrase boundaries  .
1	We ran the trainer with its default settings  , and then used Koehns implementation of minimumerror-rate training   to tune the feature weights to maximize the systems BLEU score on our development set, yielding the values shown in Table 2.
1	The CRF tagger was implemented in MALLET   using the original feature templates from  .
2	The results obtained by our mean field reconstruction gives the high quality reconstructed image as much as one reconstructed by Roth and Black’s simple gradient method.
1	The rationale for using Kappa is explained in  .
1	As a result, we can use collocation measures like point-wise mutual information   or the log-likelihood ratio   to predict the strong association for a given cue.
1	We are already using the extracted semantic forms in parsing new text with robust, wide-coverage PCFG-based LFG grammar approximations automatically acquired from the f-structure annotated Penn-II treebank  .
1	Most probabilistic parsing research  including, for example, work by by Collins  , and Charniak    is based on branching process models  .
2	chromatic dispersion and the compensation of laser phase noise have been carried out effectively in coherent transmission systems according to the reported work  .
1	4.1 Translation Modeling We can test our models utility for translation by transforming its parameters into a phrase table for the phrasal decoder Pharaoh  .
1	For example, the words test and exam are similar because both of them follow verbs such as administer, cancel, cheat on, conduct,  and both of them can be preceded by adjectives such as academic, comprehensive, diagnostic, difficult,  Many methods have been proposed to compute distributional similarity between words  .
1	Theyalsoappliedself-training to domain adaptation of a constituency parser  .
1	Whereas until recently the focus of research had been on sense disambiguation, papers like Pantel & Lin  , Neill  , and Rapp   give evidence that sense induction now also attracts attention.
1	Research in the first category aims to identify specific types of nonanaphoric phrases, with some identifying pleonastic it  , Lappin and Leass  , Kennedy and Boguraev  ], supervised approaches [e.g., Evans  , Muller  , Versley et al.
1	For example, smoothing methods have played a central role in probabilistic approaches  , and yet they are not being used in current large margin training algorithms.
2	Among these advances, forest-based modeling   and tree sequence-based modeling   are two interesting modeling methods with promising results reported.
1	Parsers that attempt to disambiguate the input completely  full parsing  typically first employ some kind of dynamic programming algorithm to derive a packed parse forest and then applies a probabilistic top-down model in order to select the most probable analysis  .
1	In order to minimize the number of decision errors at the sentence level, we have to choose the sequence of target words eI1 according to the equation  : eI1 = argmax eI1 n Pr  o = argmax eI1 n Pr Pr  o : Here, the posterior probability Pr  is decomposed into the language model probability Pr  and the string translation probability Pr .
1	In Machine Translation, for example, sentences are produced using application-specific decoders, inspired by work on speech recognition  , whereas in Summarization, summaries are produced as either extracts or using task-specific strategies  .
1	We trained and tested the parser on the Wall Street Journal corpus of the Penn Treebank   using the standard split: sections 2-21 were used for training, section 22 was used for development and tuning of parameters and features, and section 23 was used for testing.
1	7 Related Work Much work on sentiment analysis classifies documents by their overall sentiment, for example determining whether a review is positive or negative  ).
1	We then describe the two main paradigms for learning and inference, in this years shared task as well as in last years, which we call transition-based parsers   and graph-based parsers  , adopting the terminology of McDonald and Nivre  .5 Finally, we give an overview of the domain adaptation methods that were used  .
1	Second, the word alignment is refined by a grow-diag-final heuristic  .
1	Rules have the form X  e, f, where e and f are phrases containing terminal symbols   and possibly co-indexed instances of the nonterminal symbol X.2 Associated with each rule is a set of translation model features, i ; for example, one intuitively natural feature of a rule is the phrase translation  probability   = log p  , directly analogous to the corresponding feature in non-hierarchical phrase-based models like Pharaoh  .
1	  extends the dictionarybased approach to sequential labeling tasks by propagating the information given in the seeds with contextual word similarity.
1	We implemented an N-gram indexer/estimator using MPI inspired by the MapReduce implementation of N-gram language model indexing/estimation pipeline  .
1	Because treebank annotation for individual formalisms is prohibitively expensive, there have been a number of efforts to extract TAGs, LFGs, and, more recently, HPSGs, from the Penn Treebank  .
1	This test set was tagged using MXPOST   which was itself trained on Switchboard.
1	Heuristic approaches obtain word alignments by using various similarity functions between the types of the two languages  .
2	Furthermore, among mediators easily measured in blood, IL-6   and procalcitonin   appear to show the tightest correlation with clinical outcome and might be particularly useful markers of change in inflammatory response over time    .
1	The importance of including single nonheadwords is now also uncontroversial  , and the current paper has shown the importance of including two and more nonheadwords.
1	Second, instead of disambiguating phrase senses as in  , we model word selection independently of the phrases used in the MT models.
2	The dif1The routinely used tool for automatic evaluation ROUGE was adopted exactly because it was demonstrated it is highly correlated with the manual DUC coverage scores  .
1	All words occurring less than 3 times in the training data, and words in test data that were not seen in training, are unknown words and are replaced with the UNKNOWN token. Note this threshold is smaller than the one used in   since the corpora used in our experiments are smaller.
1	We delete all links in the set {a, an, the}  {DF, GI} from Ainitial as a preprocessing step.7 2.4 Perceptron Training We set the feature weights  using a modified version of averaged perceptron learning with structured outputs  .
1	  and Bikel and Chiang   has demonstrated the applicability of the Collins   model for Czech and Chinese
2	ROUGE   has been widely used for summarization evaluation.
1	Thus, we propose a bootstrapping approach   to train the stochastic transducer iteratively as it extracts transliterations from a bitext.
1	In this work, model fit is reported in terms of the likelihood ratio statistic, G 2, and its significance  .
1	It is appreciated that multi-sense words appearing in the same document tend to be tagged with the same word sense if they belong to the same common domain in the semantic hierarchy  .
1	The class based disambiguation operator is the Mutual Conditioned Plausibility    .
1	The reported results for the full parse tree   are recall/precision of 88.1/87.5  .
2	Indeed, the prominent approach for evaluating the quality of rule acquisition algorithms is by human judgment of the learned rules  .
2	Recently there have been some improvements to the Charniak parser, use n-best re-ranking as reported in   and selftraining and re-ranking using data from the North American News corpus   and adapts much better to the Brown corpus  .
1	We use the Europarl corpus  , and the statistical word alignment was performed with the GIZA++ toolkit  .1 For the current experiments we assume no preexisting parser for any of the languages, contrary to the information projection scenario.
1	The ve part-ofspeech   patterns from   were used for the extraction of indicators, all involving at least one adjective or adverb.
1	Policy #Shift #Left #Right Start over 156545 26351 27918 Stay 117819 26351 27918 Step back 43374 26351 27918 Table 1: The number of actions required to build all the trees for the sentences in section 23 of Penn Treebank   as a function of the focus point placement policy.
1	Baseline We use the Moses MT system   as a baseline and closely follow the example training procedure given for the WMT-07 and WMT-08 shared tasks.4 In particular, we perform word alignment in each direction using GIZA++  , apply the grow-diag-finaland heuristic for symmetrization and use a maximum phrase length of 7.
1	ero derivation Dolan   pointed out that it is helpful to identify zero-derived noun/verb pairs for such tasks as normalization of the semantics of expressions that are only superficially different
1	The PropBank corpus adds a semantic layer to parse trees from the Wall Street Journal section of the Penn Treebank II corpus  .
1	The simplest   uses constit  to denote a NP spanning positions 35 in the English string that is aligned with an NP spanning positions 48 in the Chinese string.
1	6 Bracketing of Compound Nouns The first analysis task we consider is the syntactic disambiguation of compound nouns, which has received a fair amount of attention in the NLP literature  .
2	HMM-smoothing improves on the most closely related work, the Structural Correspondence Learning technique for domain adaptation  , in experiments.
1	Similarly, Kazama and Torisawa   used Wikipedia, particularly the first sentence of each article, to create lists of entities.
2	A pioneer work in online training is the perceptron-like algorithm used in training a hidden Markov model    .
1	  from Sections 2-21 of the Wall Street Journal   in the Penn Treebank   and its subsets.3 We then converted them into strongly equivalent HPSG-style grammars using the grammar conversion described in Section 2.1.
1	The features we use are shown in Table 2, which are based on the features used by Ratnaparkhi   and Uchimoto et al.
1	To make sense tagging more precise, it is advisable to place constraint on the translation counterpart c of w. SWAT considers only those translations c that has been linked with w based the Competitive Linking Algorithm   and logarithmic likelihood ratio  .
1	We use   and  for straight and inverted combinations respectively, following the ITG notation  .
1	  calculated the scores by matching the unigrams on the surface forms, stemmed forms and senses.
1	The model weights are trained using the improved iterative scaling algorithm  .
1	On a separate note, previous research has explicitly studied sentiment analysis as an application of transfer learning  .
1	The tagger described in this paper is based on the standard Hidden Markov Model architecture  .
1	For English, we have used sections 03-06 of the WSJ portion of the Penn Treebank   distributed by the Linguistic Data Consortium  , which have frequently been used to evaluate sentence boundary detection systems before; compare Section 7.
1	4.5 Hindles Measure Hindle   proposed an MI-based measure, which he used to show that nouns could be reliably clustered based on their verb co-occurrences.
1	This can be done in a supervised  , a semi-supervised   or a fully unsupervised way  .
1	5 Experimental Data The sense-tagged text and feature set used in these experiments are the same as in  .
1	It is mentioned that the limitation is largely caused by inconsistencies in the corpus  .
1	In fact, many attempts have recently been made to develop semi-supervised SOL methods  .
1	Expansion of the equivalent sentence set can be applied to automatic evaluation of machine translation quality  , for example.
1	ut we did not use any LM estimate to achieve early stopping as suggested by Huang and Chiang  
0	We evaluate and compare our algorithm with the SpectralUCB which is the state-of-art and outperforms its competitors such as LinUCB on graphs with large number of nodes.
2	The results of this study are in line with revegetation results of iron ore mines in Minas Gerais state, Brazil, where both native and introduced species performed well  .
1	We use the by now standard a0 statistic   to quantify the degree of above-chance agreement between multiple annotators, and the a1 statistic for analysis of sources of unreliability  .
1	Extensive research concerning the integration of semantic knowledge into NLP for the English language has been arguably fostered by the emergence of WordNet::Similarity package  .1 In its turn, the development of the WordNet based semantic similarity software has been facilitated by the availability of tools to easily retrieve 1http://www.d.umn.edu/a0 tpederse/similarity.html data from WordNet, e.g. WordNet::QueryData,2 jwnl.3 Research integrating semantic knowledge into NLP for languages other than English is scarce.
1	The second method considers the means and variance of the distance between two words, and can compute flexible collocations  .
1	Dredze et al. also indicated that unlabeled dependency parsing is not robust to domain adaptation  .
1	With hand-labeled data, {m} can be learnt via generalized iterative scaling algorithm     or improved iterative scaling    .
1	The parameters of the models are estimated by iterative maximum-likelihood training on a large parallel corpus of natural language texts using the EM algorithm  .
1	Decoding Conditions For tuning of the decoder's parameters, minimum error training   with respect to the BLEU score using was conducted using the respective development corpus.
1	Conjunctions are a major source of errors for English chunking as well  9, and we plan to address them in future work.
1	Unlexicalized parsers, on the other hand, achieved accuracies almost equivalent to those of lexicalized parsers  .
1	p0  is calculated by ME models as follows  : p0 = 1Y  exp braceleftBigg Hsummationdisplay h=1 hgh  bracerightBigg,   709 Language Features English Prefixes of 0 up to four characters, suffixes of 0 up to four characters, 0 contains Arabic numerals, 0 contains uppercase characters, 0 contains hyphens.
2	The limitations of the generative approach to sequence tagging, i. e. Hidden Markov Models, have been overcome by discriminative approaches proposed in recent years  .
1	2 Recap of BLEU, ROUGE-W and METEOR The most commonly used automatic evaluation metrics, BLEU   and NIST  , are based on the assumption that The closer a machine translation is to a promt1: Life is like one nice chocolate in box ref: Life is just like a box of tasty chocolate ref: Life is just like a box of tasty chocolate mt2: Life is of one nice chocolate in box Figure 1: Alignment Example for ROUGE-W fessional human translation, the better it is  .
0	However, the recently published CMOS VCO’s operating near 40-60 GHz have tuning ranges significantly less than 5 GHz  .
1	The experimental results in   show a negative impact on the parsing accuracy from too long dependency relation.
2	Compared with clean parallel corpora such as ""Hansard""  , which consists of 505 French-English translations of political debates in the Canadian parliament, texts from the web are far more diverse and noisy.
1	MXPOST  , and in order to discover more general patterns, we map the tag set down after tagging, e.g. NN, NNP, NNPS and NNS all map to NN.
1	arcu and Echihabi   demonstrated that word pairs extracted from the respective text spans are a good signal of the discourse relation between arguments
1	This is the same complexity as the ITG alignment algorithm used by Wu   and others, meaning complete Viterbi decoding is possible without pruning for realistic-length sentences.
1	4 POS Tagger and Named Entity Recognizer For the POS tagging task, the tagger is built based on the work of Ratnaparkhi   which was applied for English POS tagging.
1	Following Wu  , the prevailing opinion in the research community has been that more complex patterns of word alignment in real bitexts are mostly attributable to alignment errors.
1	ENGLISH GERMAN CHINESE       TrainSet Section 2-21 Sentences 1-18,602 Articles 26-270 DevSet Section 22 18,603-19,602 Articles 1-25 TestSet Section 23 19,603-20,602 Articles 271-300 Table 3: Experimental setup.
2	5.2 Results We use a Maximum Entropy   classi er   which allows an e cient combination of many overlapping features.
1	Thus, Collins   also proposed an averaged perceptron, where the nal weight vector is 1Collins alsoprovidedproofthatguaranteedgood learning for the non-separable case.
1	2 Three New Features for MT Evaluation Since our source-sentence constrained n-gram precision and discriminative unigram precision are both derived from the normal n-gram precision, it is worth describing the original n-gram precision metric, BLEU  .
1	1 Introduction Recent work in learning semantics has focused on mapping sentences to meaning representations   given aligned sentence/meaning pairs as training data  .
1	u   and Alshawi   describe early work on formalisms that make use of transductive grammars; Graehl and Knight   describe methods for training tree transducers
1	Model weights were trained separately for all 3 systems using minimum error rate training to maximize BLEU   on the development set  .
2	P ra sa th ) treatment with Fgf8b is shown, because Fgf8b, the most potent isoform of Fgf8, is the only gene of the studied FGF family members that has been found to be crucial in mesoderm development in the mouse  .
1	a176 Base NP standard data set   This data set was first introduced by  , and taken as the standard data set for baseNP identification task2.
1	Previous research in this area includes several models which incorporate hidden variables  .
0	Most semi-automated approaches have met with limited success   and supervised learning models have tended to outperform dictionary-based classi cation schemes  .
1	1 Introduction Most recent approaches in SMT, eg  , use a log-linear model to combine probabilistic features.
1	Selectional preferences are estimated using grammatical collocation information from the British National Corpus  , obtained with the Word Sketch Engine    .
1	1153 While much research   has explored how to reconcile pairwise decisions to form coherent clusters, we simply take the transitive closure of our pairwise decision   and Bengston and Roth  ) which can and does cause system errors.
1	 .5 6.2 Results We performed experiments using three training algorithms: the averaged perceptron  , log-linear training  , and max-margin training  .
1	It is potentially useful in other natural language processing tasks, such as the problem of estimating n-gram models   or the problem of semantic tagging  .
1	In the original work   the posterior probability p  is decomposed following a noisy-channel approach, but current stateof-the-art systems model the translation probability directly using a log-linear model : p  = exp parenleftBigsummationtextM m=1 mhm  parenrightBig summationdisplay ?eI1 exp parenleftBigsummationtextM m=1 mhm  parenrightBig,   with hm different models, m scaling factors and the denominator a normalization factor that can be ignored in the maximization process.
2	Two methods  , which were previously reported as competitive in automated diagnosis of CD   were utilized in addition to state-of-the-art global mid-level image representations which are obtained by pooling local image descriptors.
1	While the tag features, containing WSJ paxt-ofspeech tags  , have about 45 values, the word features have more than 10,000 values.
1	However, to be more expressive and flexible, it is often easier to start with a general SCFG or tree-transducer  .
1	One can also examine the distribution of character or word ngrams, e.g. Language Modeling  , phrases  , and so on.
1	Also in the Penn Treebank  ,  ) a limited set of relations is placed over the constituencybased annotation in order to make explicit the   roles that the constituents play.
1	As is common  , the treebank is first transformed in various ways, in order to give an accurate PCFG.
0	However, one of the major limitations of these advances is the structured syntactic knowledge, which is important to global reordering  , has not been well exploited.
1	These lists are rescored with the different models described above, a character penalty, and three different features based on IBM Models 1 and 2   calculated in both translation directions.
1	They recover additional latent variables so-called nuisance variablesthat are not of interest to the user.1 For example, though machine translation   seeks to output a string, typical MT systems   1These nuisance variables may be annotated in training data, but it is more common for them to be latent even there, i.e., there is no supervision as to their correct values.
1	On the other hand, according to the data-driven approach, a frequency-based language model is acquired from corpora and has the forms of ngrams  , rules  , decision trees   or neural networks  .
1	Instead, researchers routinely use automatic metrics like Bleu   as the sole evidence of improvement to translation quality.
1	Due to the lack of a good Arabic parser compatible with the Sakhr tokenization that we used on the source side, we did not test the source dependency LM for Arabic-to-English MT. When extracting rules with source dependency structures, we applied the same well-formedness constraint on the source side as we did on the target side, using a procedure described by  .
1	This model is trained on approximately 5 million sentence pairs of Hansard   and UN proceedings which have been aligned on a sentence-by-sentence basis by the methods of  , and then further aligned on a word-by-word basis by methods similar to  .
1	Finally, we use as a feature the mappings produced in   of WordNet senses to Oxford English Dictionary senses.
1	To tune all lambda weights above, we perform minimum error rate training   on the development set described in Section 7.
1	These rules can be handcrafted grammar rules, such as those of  , created semi-automatically   or, alternatively, extracted fully automatically from treebanks  .
2	…have also been particularly well investigated  .
1	We follow the approach by Turney  , who note that the semantic orientation of an adjective depends on the noun that it modifies and suggest using adjective-noun or adverb-verb pairs to extract semantic orientation.
2	Recently, we can see an important development in natural language processing and computational linguistics towards the use of empirical learning methods  ).
1	In the nal step, we score our translations with 4-gram BLEU  .
2	In order to fulfill this point the most popular technic is the replication in different providers  , however this process generates a waste of storage resources when the system makes unnecessary replicas.
2	However, compositional approaches to lexical choice have been successful whenever detailed representations of lexical constraints can be collected and entered into the lexicon  ).
1	Some existing resources contain lists of subjective words  ), and some empirical methods in NLP have automatically identified adjectives, verbs, and N-grams that are statistically associated with subjective language  ).
1	The perceptron has been used in many NLP tasks, such as POS tagging  , Chinese word segmentation   and so on.
1	Given the probabilistic taxonomy learning model introduced by  , we leverage on the computation of logistic regression to exploit singular value decomposition   as unsupervised feature selection.
1	Gildea and Jurafsky   used a supervised learning method to learn both the identifier of the semantic roles defined in FrameNet such as theme, target, goal, and the boundaries of the roles  .
1	Abduction has been applied to the solution of local pragmatics problems   and to story understanding  .
1	  argue that these restrictions reduce our ability to model translation equivalence effectively.
1	It is a fundamental and often a necessary step before linguistic knowledge acquisitions, such as training a phrase translation table in phrasal machine translation   system  , or extracting hierarchial phrase rules or synchronized grammars in syntax-based translation framework.
1	There is a large number of potentially informative features that could play a role in correctly predicting the tag of an unknown word  .
1	First, we trained a finitestate shallow parser on base phrases extracted from the Penn Wall St. Journal   Treebank  .
1	HMMs have been used many times for POS tagging and chunking, in supervised, semisupervised, and in unsupervised settings  .
1	ther representative collocation research can be found in Church and Hanks   and Smadja  
1	84.12 only PTB   83.58 1st   83.42 2nd   83.38 3rd   83.08 third row lists the three highest scores of the domain adaptation track of the CoNLL 2007 shared task.
2	The modified Powells method has been previously used in optimizing the weights of a standard feature-based MT decoder in   where a more efficient algorithm for log-linear models was proposed.
1	This approach is similar to conventional techniques for automatic thesaurus construction  .
1	We then tested the best models for each vocabulary size on the testing set.4 Standard measures of performance are shown in table 1.5 3We used a publicly available tagger   to provide the tags used in these experiments, rather than the handcorrected tags which come with the corpus.
1	  and   modify the distortion model of the HMM alignment model   to reflect tree distance rather than string distance;   modify an ITG aligner by introducing a penalty for induced parses that violate syntactic bracketing constraints.
1	A natural fit to the existing statistical machine translation framework  A metric that ranks a good translation high in an nbest list could be easily integrated in a minimal error rate statistical machine translation training framework  
1	In order to improve translation quality, this tuning can be effectively performed by minimizing translation error over a development corpus for which manually translated references are available  .
1	ang & Lee   propose the use of language models for sentiment analysis task and subjectivity extraction
1	As expected, Malt and MST have very similar accuracy for short sentences but Malt degrades more rapidly with increasing sentence length because of error propagation  .
1	There are several basic methods for evaluating associations between words: based on frequency counts  , information theoretic   and statistical significance  .
1	3.5 Adding Context to the Model Next, we added of a stochastic POS tagger   to provide a model of context.
1	This was overcome by a probabilistic model which provides probabilities of discriminating a correct parse tree among candidates of parse trees in a log-linear model or maximum entropy model   with many features for parse trees  .
1	models implement the intuition that the best model will be the one that is consistent with the set of constrains imposed by the evidence, but otherwise is as uniform as possible  .
1	he output of GIZA++ is then post-processed using the three symmetrization heuristics described in Och and Ney  
1	Inter-sentential contexts as in our approach were used as a clue also for subjectivity analysis  , which is two-fold classification into subjective and objective sentences.
1	As machine learners we used SVM-light1   and the MaxEnt decider from the Stanford Classifier2  .
1	Therefore, an increasing attention has been recently given to semi-supervised learning, where large amounts of unlabeled data are used to improve the models learned from a small training set  .
1	It consists of sections 15-18 of the Wall Street Journal part of the Penn Treebank II   as training data   and section 20 as test data  .
1	Huang and Chiang   searches with the full model, but makes assumptions about the the amount of reordering the language model can trigger in order to limit exploration.
1	While Schiitze and Pedersen  , Brown et al   and Futrelle and Gauch   all demonstrate the ability of their systems to identify word similarity using clustering on the most frequently occurring words in their corpus, only Grefenstette   demonstrates his system by generating word similarities with respect to a set of target words.
1	Accurate automatic analysis of these aspects of language will augment existing research in the fields of sentiment   andsubjectivityanalysis(Wiebeetal.
1	A number of systems for automatically learning semantic parsers have been proposed  .
1	2 Related Work Two different approaches have been proposed for Sentence Compression: purely statistical methodologies   and hybrid linguistic/statistic methodologies  .
2	Oxytocin is famous for its pleiotropic activities including induction of labor and influences on social behaviors  .
1	This is the traditional approach for glass-box smoothing  .
2	shown to produce similar outcomes to FU-based chemotherapy.  The next major advance came with the addition of bevaci-
0	6 Discussion Noting that adding latent features to nonterminals in unlexicalized context-free parsing has been very successful  , we were surprised not to see a 3Czech experiments were not done, since the number of features   was too high to multiply out by clusters.
1	his model is very similar to the markovized rule models in Collins  
1	In a next step, chunk information was added by a rule-based language-independent chunker   that contains distituency rules, which implies that chunk boundaries are added between two PoS codes that cannot occur in the same constituent.
1	Thus, one conclusion from that line of work is that as soon as there is a reasonable   amount of labeled target data, it is often more fruitful to either just use that, or to apply simple adaptation techniques  .
1	We retrained the parser on lowercased Penn Treebank II  , to match the lowercased output of the MT decoder.
2	One of the largest and earliest such efforts is the Penn Treebank  , which contains a one-million word  Institute for Research in Cognitive Science, University of Pennsylvania, 3401 Walnut Street, Suite 400A, Philadelphia, PA 19104-6228, USA.
1	In showing how DLTAG and an interpretative process on its derivations operate, we must, of necessity, gloss over how inference triggered by adjacency or associated with a structural connective provides the intended relation between adjacent discourse 578 Computational Linguistics Volume 29, Number 4 units: It may be a matter simply of statistical inference, as in Marcu and Echihabi  , or of more complex inference, as in Hobbs et al.
1	The other approach is to estimate a single score or likelihood of a translation with rich features, for example, with the maximum entropy   method as in  .
1	Unlike Yarowsky  , we use automatic collection of seeds.
1	Statistics on co-occurrence of words in a local context were used recently for monolingual word sense disambiguation    .
2	Exponential family models are a mainstay of modern statistical modeling   and they are widely and successfully used for example in text classification  .
1	illmann and Zhang   use a BLEU oracle decoder for discriminative training of a local reordering model
1	Training Data Our source for syntactically annotated training data was the Penn Treebank  .
1	However, in experiments in unsupervised POS tag learning using HMM structured models, Johnson   shows that VB is more effective than Gibbs sampling in approaching distributions that agree with the Zipfs law, which is prominent in natural languages.
1	In modern lexicalized parsers, POS tagging is often interleaved with parsing proper instead of being a separate preprocessing module  .
1	he translations were generated by the alignment template system of Och  
2	A large part of Shannon’s seminal work   is devoted to both theoretical and practical aspects of products, and his invocation of the pastry dough mixing analogy [16, p.
1	Because of this, Wu   and Zens and Ney   introduced a normal form ITG which avoids this over-counting.
1	unning 1993) or else   eschew significance testing in favor of a generic information-theoretic approach
0	Collins   and Collins and Duffy   rerank the top N parses from an existing generative parser, but this kind of approach 1Dynamic programming methods   can sometimes be used for both training and decoding, but this requires fairly strong restrictions on the features in the model.
1	After the parser produces a semantic feature structure representation of the sentence, predicate mapping rules then match against that representation in order to produce a predicate language representation in the style of Davidsonian event based semantics  , as mentioned above.
2	1 Introduction Todays statistical machine translation systems rely on high quality phrase translation pairs to acquire state-of-the-art performance, see  .
1	Still, it is in our next plans and part of our future work to embed in our model some of the interesting WSD approaches, like knowledgebased  , corpus-based  , or combinations with very high accuracy  .
1	Most work on statistical methods has used n-gram models or Hidden Markov Model-based taggers  .
1	The tensor has been adapted with a straightforward extension of pointwise mutual information   for three-way cooccurrences, following equation 4.
1	.3 Model Construction The head transducer model was trained and evaluated on English-to-Mandarin Chinese translation of transcribed utterances from the ATIS corpus  
2	We use two state-of-the-art POS taggersa maximum entropy based English POS tagger  , and an HMM based Chinese POS tagger.
1	84 5.2 Machine translation on Europarl corpus We further tested our WDHMM on a phrase-based machine translation system to see whether our improvement on word alignment can also improve MT accuracy measured by BLEU score  .
1	Here, ppicker shows the accuracy when phrases are extracted by using the N-best phrase alignment method described in Section 4.1, while growdiag-final shows the accuracy when phrases are extracted using the standard phrase extraction algorithm described in  .
1	Precursors to this work include  ,  ,  ,  , and   and, as applied to child language acquisition,  .
2	Several recent real-world parsers have improved state-of-the-art parsing accuracy by relying on probabilistic or weighted versions of bilexical grammars  .
1	Also related are the areas of word alignment for machine translation  , induction of translation lexicons  , and cross-language annotation projections to a second language  .
2	oped a new scoring system based on consensus between clinicians that allows better correspondence between the vastly adopted CBCL scale and the currently employed DSM-IV diagnostic criteria  .
1	In this paper, we investigate the effectiveness of structural correspondence learning     in the domain adaptation task given by the CoNLL 2007.
1	aume III   proposed a simple feature augmentation method to achieve domain adaptation
0	Although generating training examples in advance without a working parser   is much faster than using inference  , our training time can probably be decreased further by choosing a parsing strategy with a lower branching factor.
1	In recent work, Koehn and Hoang   proposed a general framework for including morphological features in a phrase-based SMT system by factoring the representation of words into a vector of morphological features and allowing a phrase-based MT system to work on any of the factored representations, which is implemented in the Moses system.
1	We ran GIZA++   on the training corpus in both directions with IBM model 4, and then applied the refinement rule described in   to obtain a many-to-many word alignment for each sentence pair.
1	  develop a bottom-up decoder for BTG   that uses only phrase pairs.
1	2.2 The Translation Model We adapted Model 1   to our purposes.
1	For example it has been used to measure centrality in hyperlinked web pages networks  , lexical networks  , and semantic networks  .
2	SVMs have also been proved to outperform other nonlinear techniques including neural network-based techniques such as multilayer perceptrons    .
1	4.2 Word alignment We have used IBM models proposed by Brown   for word aligning the parallel corpus.
2	The estimation problem is regarded as maximum likelihood estimation for beta-binomial mixtures, and thus can be solved as a simpler case of well-established maximum likelihood estimation for Dirichlet-multinomial mixtures described in  .
1	1 Introduction Word associations   have a wide range of applications including: Speech Recognition, Optical Character Recognition and Information Retrieval    .
1	The value of fj is calculated by Mutual Information   between xi and fj.
1	Previous publications on Meteor   have described the details underlying the metric and have extensively compared its performance with Bleu and several other MT evaluation metrics.
1	Most existing work to capture labelconsistency, has attempted to create all parenleftbign2parenrightbig pairwise dependencies between the different occurrences of an entity,  , where n is the number of occurrences of the given entity.
1	Methods such as  ,   and   employ a synchronous parsing procedure to constrain a statistical alignment.
1	4.7 Fertility-Based Transducer In  , three alignment models are described that include fertility models, these are IBM Models 3, 4, and 5.
1	Yarowsky proposed the unsupervised learning method for WSD .
1	Accuracy on sentiment classification in other domains exceeds 80%  .
1	type system F1% D Collins   89.7 Henderson   90.1 Charniak and Johnson   91.0 updated   91.4 this work 91.7 G Bod   90.7Petrov and Klein   90.1 S McClosky et al.
2	Such training has been shown to reduce resting CRP and IL-6  , and improve glycaemic control   and body composition  .
2	Among the recently introduced approaches, the impressive learning estimation and modeling capabilities least squares support vector machines   makes then a suitable choice for system identification applications  .
1	c2009 Association for Computational Linguistics Structural Correspondence Learning for Parse Disambiguation Barbara Plank Alfa-informatica University of Groningen, The Netherlands b.plank@rug.nl Abstract The paper presents an application of Structural Correspondence Learning     for domain adaptation of a stochastic attribute-value grammar  .
1	The co-occurrence relation can also be based on distance in a bitext space, which is a more general representations of bitext correspondence  , or it can be restricted to words pairs that satisfy some matching predicate, which can be extrinsic to the model  .
1	To obtain their corresponding weights, we adapted the minimum-error-rate training algorithm   to train the outside-layer model.
2	In order to overcome this problem, we look to the bootstrapping method outlined in  .
1	Kappa is a better measurement of agreement than raw percentage agreement   because it factors out the level of agreement which would be reached by random annotators using the same distribution of categories as the real coders.
1	  presented results suggesting that the additional parameters required to ensure that a model is not deficient result in inferior performance, but we plan to study whether this is the case for our generative model in future work.
0	Although many researchers   have proposed numerous algorithms in literature, it is still very difficult to solve it efficiently due to the appearance or motion changes of the object, such as pose, occlusion, or illumination.
1	4 Experiments and evaluation We carried out an evaluation on the local rephrasing of French sentences, using English as the pivot language.2 We extracted phrase alignments of up to 7 word forms using the Giza++ alignment tool   and the grow-diag-final-and heuristics described in   on 948,507 sentences of the French-English part of the Europarl corpus   and obtained some 42 million phrase pairs for which probabilities were estimated using maximum likelihood estimation.
1	For METEOR, when used with its originally proposed parameter values of  , which the METEOR researchers mentioned were based on some early experimental work  , we obtain an average correlation value of 0.915, as shown in the row METEOR.
1	Clustering algorithms have been previously shown to work fairly well for the classification of words into syntactic and semantic classes  , but determining the optimum number of classes for a hierarchical cluster tree is an ongoing difficult problem, particularly without prior knowledge of the item classification.
1	6.2 Experiment 2: Yarowskys Words We also conducted translation on seven of the twelve English words studied in  .
1	The comparison phrasal system was const ructed using the same GIZA++ alignments and the heuristic combination described in  .
1	The translation and reference files are analyzed by a treebank-based, probabilistic Lexical-Functional Grammar   parser  , which produces a set of dependency triples for each input.
1	5.2 NP Chunking The goal of this task   is the identification of non-recursive NPs.
1	To this end, the translational correspondence is described within a translation rule, i.e.,    , rather than a translational phrase pair; and the training data will be derivation forests, instead of the phrase-aligned bilingual corpus.
1	So far, most previous work on domain adaptation for parsing has focused on data-driven systems  , i.e. systems employing   treebank grammars  .
2	As discussed above, all state-of-the-art published methods rely on lexical features for such tasks  .
1	We perform word alignment using GIZA++  , symmetrize the alignments using the grow-diag-final-and heuristic, and extract phrases up to length 3.
1	This is similar to work by several other groups which aims to induce semantic classes through syntactic co-occurrence analysis  , although in .our case the contexts are limited to selected patterns, relevant to the scenario.
2	 , compression of sentences with Automatic Translation approaches  , Hidden Markov Model  , Topic Signatures based methods   are among the most popular techniques that have been used in the summarization systems of this category.
1	1 Introduction Statistical Machine Translation is a data driven machine translation technique which uses probabilistic models of natural language for automatic translation  ,  .
1	In this paper, we present Phramer, an open-source system that embeds a phrase-based decoder, a minimum error rate training   module and various tools related to Machine Translation  .
1	hang and Clark   indicated that their results cannot directly compare to the results of Shi and Wang   due to different experimental settings
2	Dasgupta and Ng   improves over   by suggesting a simpler approach.
1	For a given choice of q and f, the IIS algorithm   can be used to find maximum likelihood values for the parameters ~.
1	We have chosen to work with a corpus with parse information, the Wall Street Journal WSJ part of the Penn Treebank II corpus  , and to extract chunk information from the parse trees in this corpus.
1	iezler and III   report an improvement in MT grammaticality on a very restricted test set: short sentences parsable by an LFG grammar without back-off rules
1	5.2 Bleu: Automatic Evaluation BLEU   is a system for automatic evaluation of machine translation.
1	 , which is based on that of Och and Ney  .
2	Along this line,   present convincing evidence that restricting phrasal translation to syntactic constituents yields poor translation performance  the ability to translate nonconstituent phrases   turns out to be critical and pervasive.
1	1 Introduction Estimating the degree of semantic relatedness between words in a text is deemed important in numerous applications: word-sense disambiguation  , story segmentation  , error correction  , summarization  .
1	upertags Part-of-speech disambiguation techniques     are often used prior to parsing to eliminate   the part-of-speech ambiguity
1	1 Introduction Word alignment, which can be defined as an object for indicating the corresponding words in a parallel text, was first introduced as an intermediate result of statistical translation models  .
1	Pointwise mutual information   was used to measure strength of selection restrictions for instance by Church and Hanks  .
0	As the tagger of Ratnaparkhi   cannot tag a word lattice, we cannot back off to this tagging.
2	 , various classification models and linguistic features have been proposed to improve the classification performance  .
0	Our graphical representation has two advantages over previous work  : unifying sentence relations and incorporating question interactions.
1	The acquisition of clues is a key technology in these research efforts, as seen in learning methods for document-level SA   and for phraselevel SA  .
1	When different decoder settings are applied to the same model, MERT weights   from the unprojected single pass setup are used and are kept constant across runs.
1	4 Global Transliteration Modeling In global transliteration modeling, we directly model the agreement function between f and e. We follow   and consider the global feature representation : F * E *  R d . 613 Each global feature corresponds to a condition on the pair of strings.
1	Practically all data-driven models that have been proposed for dependency parsing in recent years can be described as either graph-based or transitionbased  .
1	Word alignments were produced by GIZA++   with a standard training regimen of five iterations of Model 1, five iterations of the HMM Model, and five iterations of Model 4, in both directions.
1	To optimize the system towards a maximal BLEU or NIST score, we use Minimum Error Rate   Training as described in  .
2	2 Confusion-network-based MT system combination The current state-of-the-art is confusion-networkbased MT system combination as described by 98  Rosti and colleagues  .
1	In this paper we report case-insensitive Bleu scores  , unless otherwise stated, calculated with the NIST tool, and caseinsensitive Meteor-ranking scores, without WordNet  .
1	1984), written discourse  , and conversational data  .
1	173 The standard features for genre classification models include words, part-of-speech   tags, and punctuation  , but constituent-based syntactic categories have also been explored  .
1	In addition, many more sophisticated parsing models are elaborations of such PCFG models, so understanding the properties of PCFGs is likely to be useful  .
1	Prior to running the parsers, we trained the POS tagger described in  .
2	Intensive efforts to reduce tobacco use have also been conducted by the government and public health professionals, leading to the implementation of strong and effective tobacco control policies and measures, such as tobacco tax increases, media campaigns, and ratification of Framework Convention on Tobacco Control  .
1	In general, previous work in opinion mining includes document level sentiment classification using supervised   and unsupervised methods  , machine learning techniques and sentiment classification considering rating scales  , and scoring of features  .
1	Koehn and Hoang   propose factored translation models that combine feature functions to handle syntactic, morphological, and other linguistic information in a log-linear model.
2	In addition, there are continued new developments in lowcost, light-weight, and long-duration UAVs  .
1	We also have an additional held-out translation set, the development set, which is employed by the MT system to train the weights of its log-linear model to maximize BLEU  .
1	hey are a subset of the features used in Ratnaparkhi  
1	Large treebanks are available for major languages, however these are often based on a speci c text type or genre, e.g. nancial newspaper text  ).
1	Previous work on building hybrid systems includes, among others, approaches using reranking, regeneration with an SMT decoder  , and confusion networks  .
1	In this form, the distinction between our two models is sometimes referred to as \joint versus conditional""   rather than \generative versus discriminative""  .
1	Class-based n-gram models have also been shown to benefit from their reduced number of parameters when scaling to higher-order n-grams  , and even despite the increasing size and decreasing sparsity of language model training corpora  , class-based n-gram models might lead to improvements when increasing the n-gram order.
1	 , extracts uninterrupted as well as interrupted collocations  .
0	It is very likely that even greater gains can be achieved by more complicated combination schemes  , although significantly more effort in tuning would be required.
1	6 The Experiments To investigate the e ects of lookahead on our family of deterministic parsers, we ran empirical experiments on the standard the Penn Treebank   datasets.
1	These sentences were parsed with the Collins parser  .
2	Thus, the Penn Treebank of American English   has been used to train and evaluate the best available parsers of unrestricted English text  .
1	Statistical dependency parsers of English must therefore rely on dependency structures automatically converted from a constituent corpus such as the Penn Treebank  .
1	This criticism leads us to automatic approaches for building thesauri from large corpora \ .
1	These blocks are used to compute the results in the fourth column: the BLEU score   with a153 reference translation using a153 -grams along with 95% confidence interval is reported 4.
1	However, instead of estimating the probabilities for the production rules via EM as described in  .
1	For example, when applying their approach to a different domain with somewhat less rigid syntax, Zettlemoyer and Collins   need to introduce new combinators and new forms of candidate lexical entries.
1	urney   has recently proposed a simpler SVM-based algorithm for analogical classification called PairClass
1	Two are conditionalized phrasal models, each EM trained until performance degrades:  C-JPTM3 as described in    Phrasal ITG as described in Section 4.1 Three provide alignments for the surface heuristic:  GIZA++ with grow-diag-final    Viterbi Phrasal ITG with and without the noncompositional constraint We use the Pharaoh decoder   with the SMT Shared Task baseline system  .
1	While the research in statistical machine translation   has made significant progress, most SMT systems   relyonparallel corpora toextract translation entries.
2	Another successful distributed network model, called the beat frequency model, uses beats between multiple oscillators to produce a much wider range of durations than the intrinsic periods of individual oscillators  .
1	The basic phrase reordering model is a simple unlexicalized, context-insensitive distortion penalty model  .
1	The window size may vary, Church and Hanks   used windows of size 2 and 5.
1	The same Powells method has been used to estimate feature weights of a standard feature-based phrasal MT decoder in  .
1	Motivation There have been quite a number of recent papers on parallel text: Brown et al  , Chen  , Church  , Church et al  , Dagan et al  , Gale and Church  , Isabelle  , Kay and Rgsenschein  , Klavans and Tzoukermann  , Kupiec  , Matsumoto  , Ogden and Gonzales  , Shemtov  , Simard et al  , WarwickArmstrong and Russell  , Wu  .
1	405 PRF 1 proposed .383 .437 .408 multinomial mixture .360 .374 .367 Newman   .318 .353 .334 cosine .603 .114 .192 -skew divergence   .730 .155 .255 Lins similarity   .691 .096 .169 CBC   .981 .060 .114 Table 3: Precision, recall, and F-measure.
1	 , Wettler & Rapp   and Church & Hanks   describe algorithms which do this.
1	  found that direct annotation takes twice as long as automatic tagging plus correction, for partof-speech annotation); and the output quality reflects the difficulty of the task  .
1	We expect that the mean field approximation should demonstrate better results than feed-forward approximation on this task as it is theoretically expected and confirmed on the constituent parsing task  .
0	Furthermore, we provide a 63.8% error reduction compared to IBM Model 4  .
1	.1 The gender/animaticity statistics After we have identified the correct antecedents it is a simple counting procedure to compute P  where wa is in the correct antecedent for the pronoun p  : \[ wain the antecedent for p \[ P  = When there are multiple relevant words in the antecedent we apply the likelihood test designed by Dunning   on all the words in the candidate NP
1	Unlike with factored models   or additional translation lexicons  , we do not generate the surface form back from the lemma translation, which means that tense, gender and number information are 151 news-dev2009a representation OOV % METEOR BLEU NIST baseline surface form only 2.24 49.05 20.45 6.135 decoding lemma backoff 2.13 49.12 20.44 6.143 word alignment lemma+POS for all 2.24 48.87 20.36 6.145 lemma+POS for adj 2.25 48.94 20.46 6.131 lemma+POS for verbs 2.21 49.05 20.47 6.137 decoding + alignment backoff + all 2.10 48.97 20.36 6.147 backoff + adj 2.12 49.05 20.48 6.140 backoff + verbs 2.08 49.15 20.50 6.148 news-dev2009b representation OOV % METEOR BLEU NIST baseline surface form only 2.52 49.60 21.10 6.211 decoding lemma backoff 2.43 49.66 21.02 6.210 word alignment lemma+POS for all 2.53 49.56 21.03 6.199 lemma+POS for adj 2.52 49.74 21.00 6.213 lemma+POS for verbs 2.47 49.73 21.10 6.217 decoding+alignment backoff + all 2.44 49.59 20.92 6.194 backoff + adj 2.43 49.80 21.03 6.217 backoff + verbs 2.39 49.80 21.03 6.217 Table 2: Evaluation of the decoding backoff strategy, the modified word alignment strategy and their combination Input Meme sil demissionnait, la situation ne changerait pas.
1	This formulation is similar to the energy minimization framework, which is commonly used in image analysis   and has been recently applied in natural language processing  .
1	Various machine learning strategies have been proposed to address this problem, including semi-supervised learning  , domain adaptation  , multi-task learning  , self-taught learning  , etc. A commonality among these methods is that they all require the training data and test data to be in the same feature space.
1	This amounts to performing binary text categorization under categories Objective and Subjective  ; 2.
2	Bhattacharjee & Ghosh   discussed about probable construction management courses where role-playing teaching could be adopted as a successful pedagogical approach.
1	The ME Tagger The ME tagger is based on Ratnaparkhi  s POS tagger and is described in Curran and Clark  
1	The features used in this study are: the length of t; a single-parameter distortion penalty on phrase reordering in a, as described in  ; phrase translation model probabilities; and trigram language model probabilities logp , using Kneser-Ney smoothing as implemented in the SRILM toolkit  .
1	Our evaluation metric is BLEU   with caseinsensitive matching from unigram to four-gram.
1	The features used by the decoder were the English language model log probability, logf , the lexical translation log probabilities in both directions  , and a word count feature.
1	It is difficult to compare these with previous work, but Haghighi and Klein   report that in a completely unsupervised setting, their MRF model, which uses a large set of additional features and a more complex estimation procedure, achieves an average 1-to-1 accuracy of 41.3%.
1	2 Maximum Entropy In this bakeoff, our basic model is based on the framework described in the work of Ratnaparkhi   which was applied for English POS tagging.
1	 , and component weights are adjusted by minimum error rate training  .
1	Consequently, considerable effort has gone into devising and improving automatic word alignment algorithms, and into evaluating their performance  .
1	Statistical and information theoretic approaches  ,  , ,   Using lexical collocations to determine PPA with statistical techniques was first proposed by  .
1	108 To follow related work and to focus on the effects of the language model, we present translation resultsunderaninversiontransductiongrammar  translation model   trained on the Europarl corpus  , described in detail in Section 3, and using a trigram language model.
0	For comparison purposes, we revisit Haghighi and Kleins   fully-generative Bayesian model for unsupervised coreference resolution, discuss its potential weaknesses and consequently propose three modifications to their model.
1	In this years shared task we evaluated a number of different automatic metrics:  Bleu  Bleu remains the de facto standard in machine translation evaluation.
1	Agreement is sometimes measured as percentage of the cases on which the annotators agree, but more often expected agreement is taken into account in using the kappa statistic  , which is given by:  = po  pe1  p e   where po is the observed proportion of agreement and pe is the proportion of agreement expected by chance.
1	For example, Och reported that the quality of MT results was improved by using automatic MT evaluation measures for the parameter tuning of an MT system  .
1	5 Related work Cutting introduced grouping of words into equiva.lence classes based on the set of possible tags to reduce the number of the parameters   . Schmid used tile equivaleuce classes for smoothing.
1	Several frameworks for finding translation equivalents or translation units in machine translation, such as \  and other example-based MT approaches, might be used to select the preferred mapping.
1	Statistical Model In SIFTs statistical model, augmented parse trees are generated according to a process similar to that described in Collins  .
1	Jiang & Zhai   gave a systematic examination of the efficacy of unigram, bigram and trigram features drawn from different representations  surface text, constituency parse tree and dependency parse tree.
1	 , we are interested in applying alternative metrics such a Meteor  .
1	At the same time, grammar theoreticians have proposed various generative synchronous grammar formalisms for MT, such as Synchronous Context Free Grammars     or Synchronous Tree Adjoining Grammars    .
1	Even a length limit of 3, as proposed by  , would result in almost optimal translation quality.
1	he input is POS-tagged using the tagger of Ratnaparkhi  
2	We conclude with some challenges that still remain in applying proactive learning for MT. 2 Syntax Based Machine Translation In recent years, corpus based approaches to machine translation have become predominant, with Phrase Based Statistical Machine Translation     being the most actively progressing area.
1	We also note that Turney   found movie reviews to be the most 2Indeed, although our choice of title was completely independent of his, our selections were eerily similar.
1	The Stanford parser is representative of a large number of PTB parsers, exemplified by Collins   and Charniak  .
2	More rapid reporting by other technologies, such as detection of bacterial species and resistant markers in positive blood cultures by molecular probe and nucleic acid amplification do result in improved patient care  .
1	Inter-annotator agreement was assessed mainly using f-score and percentage agreement as well as 11 Table 1: Annotation examples of superlative adjectives example sup span det num car mod comp set The third-largest thrift institution in Puerto Rico also   1717 pos sg no ord 1418 the kappa statistics  , where applicable  .
1	Second, the significance of the K-S distance in case of the null hypothesis   can be calculated  .
1	Here, we use the hidden Markov model   alignment model   and Model 4 of Brown et al.
1	The other form of hybridization ??a statistical MT model that is based on a deeper analysis of the syntactic 33 structure of a sentence ??has also long been identified as a desirable objective in principle  ).
1	The relatedness between two word senses is computed using a measure of semantic relatedness defined in the WordNet::Similarity software package  , which is a suite of Perl modules implementing a number WordNet-based measures of semantic relatedness.
2	The current state-of-the-art is to optimize these parameters with respect to the final evaluation criterion; this is the so-called minimum error rate training  .
1	For example, since the Collins parser depends on a prior part-of-speech tagger  , we included the time for POS tagging in our Collins measurements.
1	The classifier consists of two components based on the averaged multiclass perceptron  .
1	4 Sub Translation Combining For sub translation combining, we mainly use the best-first expansion idea from cube pruning   to combine subtranslations and generate the whole k-best translations.
1	Ratnaparkhi, 1996), a single inconsistency in a test set tree will very likely yield a zero percent parse accuracy for the particular test set sentence.
1	The loglinear model weights are learned using Chiangs implementation of the maximum BLEU training algorithm  , both for the baseline, and the WSD-augmented system.
1	4.1 The test environment For our experiments, we used a manually corrected version of the Air Travel Information System   spoken language corpus   annotated in the Pennsylvania Treebank  .
2	Recent work has shown that opportunistic routing is an efficient way to achieve low-latency yet energy-efficient data collection in WSN  .
2	The most widely used are Word Error Rate  , Position independent word Error Rate  , the BLEU score   and the NIST score  .
2	goal lines, which were extensions of the halfway line or penalty area approximately 3–30 m from each line) because multiple perpendicular views were recommended to obtain more accurate results using the MBIM technique  .
1	Let W1,W2 be the vocabulary sizes of the two languages, and N = {A1,,AN} be the set of nonterminals with indices 1,,N. Wu   also showed that ITGs can be equivalently be defined in two other ways.
1	Following this idea, there have been introduced a parameter estimation approach for non-generative approaches that can effectively incorporate unlabeled data  .
1	Bean and Riloff   used bootstrapping to extend their semantic compatibility model, which they called contextual-role knowledge, by identifying certain cases of easily-resolved anaphors and antecedents.
1	Wu   shows that parsing a binary SCFG is in O  while parsing SCFG is NP-hard in general  .
1	We compared a baseline system, the state-of-the-art phrase-based system Pharaoh  , against our system.
1	Following  , the slot labels are drawn from a set of classes constructed by extending each label by three additional symbols, Beginning/Inside/Outside  .
1	2 Architecture of the system The goal of statistical machine translation   is to produce a target sentence e from a source sentence f. It is today common practice to use phrases as translation units   and a log linear framework in order to introduce several models explaining the translation process: e = argmaxp  = argmaxe {exp )}   The feature functions hi are the system models and the i weights are typically optimized to maximize a scoring function on a development set  .
1	It is promising to optimize the model parameters directly with respect to AER as suggested in statistical machine translation  .
2	…automatically generates layout information encoding node and reaction centroid coordinates using the FruchtermanReingold   algorithm, which has been shown to be robust in the face of variegated graph topologies and faithfully reproduces the underlying symmetry  .
1	However, in yet unpublished work we found that at least for the computation of synonyms and related words neither syntactical analysis nor singular value decomposition lead to significantly better results than the approach described here when applied to the monolingual case  , so we did not try to include these methods in our system.
1	We used the Penn Treebank WSJ corpus   to perform the empirical evaluation of the considered approaches.
1	Table 2 shows results in lowercase BLEU   for both the baseline   and the improved baseline systems   on development and held151 out evaluation sets.
1	The table also shows the -score, which is another commonly used measure for inter-annotator agreement  .
0	First we used primers flanking exons described by Hobbs   but these primers were not able to detect any LDLR gene mutation in probands samples.
1	Similar to WSD, Carpuat and Wu   used contextual information to solve the ambiguity problem for phrases.
0	weighted measurements were superior to T2-weighted contrast imaging for quantifying both lipid-rich and fibrous areas of the plaque  .
1	Classes can be induced directly from the corpus   or taken from a manually crafted taxonomy  .
1	Cucerzan  , by contrast to the above, used Wikipedia primarily for Named Entity Disambiguation, following the path of Bunescu and Paca  .
1	Recently, there have been several discriminative approaches at training large parameter sets including   and  .
1	In the present work, the approach taken by Turney   is used to derive such values for selected phrases in the text.
1	  effectively utilized unlabeled data to improve parsing accuracy on the standard WSJ training set, but they used a two-stage parser comprised of Charniaks lexicalized probabilistic parser with n-best parsing and a discriminative reranking parser  , and thus it would be better categorized as co-training  .
1	We referred to the studies of  .
1	he weights of these models are determined using the max-BLEU method described in Och  
1	Performance is also measured by the BLEU score  , which measures similarity to the reference translation taken from the English side of the parallel corpus.
1	4.1 Overview In this work, factored models   are experimented with three factors : the surface form, the lemma and the part of speech  .
1	Furthermore, it is not possible to apply the powerful ""one sense per discourse"" property   because there is no discourse in dictionaries.
1	  introduce IBM Models 1-5 for alignment modelling; Vogel et al
1	We evaluated annotation reliability by using the Kappa statistic  .
2	Another study has shown a proof of concept closed-loop model using direct pressure monitoring as the feedback signal  .
1	We used an implementation of McDonald  forcomparisonofresults .
1	We parse the data using the Collins Parser  , and then tag person, location and organization names using the Stanford Named Entity Recognizer  .
1	One of the theoretical problems with phrase based SMT models is that they can not effectively model the discontiguous translations and numerous attempts have been made on this issue  .
1	The first, Powells method, was advocated by Och   when MERT was first introduced for statistical machine translation.
1	Parameter Optimization We optimize the feature weights using a modified version of averaged perceptron learning as described by Collins  
1	The model scaling factors are optimized with respect to some evaluation criterion  .
1	2 Related Work A large amount of previous research on clustering has been focused on how to find the best clusters  .
1	We implement this algorithm using the perceptron framework, as it can be easily modified for structured prediction while preserving convergence guarantees  .
1	The training algorithm we used is the improved iterative scaling   described in  3.
1	The only requirement will be that a parallel corpus exist for the language under consideration and one or more other languages.2 Induction of grammars from parallel corpora is rarely viewed as a promising task in its own right; in work that has addressed the issue directly  , the synchronous grammar is mainly viewed as instrumental in the process of improving the translation model in a noisy channel approach to statistical MT.3 In the present paper, we provide an important prerequisite for parallel corpus-based grammar induction work: an efficient algorithm for synchronous parsing of sentence pairs, given a word alignment.
1	We have also implemented a Bloom Filter LM in Joshua, following Talbot and Osborne  .
0	As with similar work  , the size of the corpus makes preprocessing such as lemmatization, POS tagging or partial parsing, too costly.
1	Most of the annotation approaches tackling these issues, however, are aimed at performing classifications at either the document level  , or the sentence or word level  .
1	The approach is related, but not identical, to distributional similarity   and  ).
1	  proposed a new algorithm for parameter estimation as an alternate to CRF.
0	For unknown words, SCL gives a relative reduction in error of 19.5% over Ratnaparkhi  , even with 40,000 sentences of source domain training data.
2	To improve the unknown word model, featurebased approach such as the maximum entropy method   might be useful, because we don't have to divide the training data into several disjoint sets   and we can incorporate more linguistic and morphological knowledge into the same probabilistic framework.
1	The tags sets we shall examine are the set used in the Penn Tree Bank     and the C5 tag-set used by the CLAWS part-of-speech tagger  .
1	There is also work on grouping senses of other inventories using information in the inventory   along with information retrieval techniques  .
1	proposed a similarity-based model in which each word is generalized, not to its own specific class, but to a set of words which are most similar to it  .
1	In fact, it has already been established that sentence level classification can improve document level analysis  .
0	  presented a history-based generation model to overcome some of the inappropriate independence assumptions in the basic generation model of  .
1	To use the data from NANC, we use self-training  .
2	As discussed in  , computing the conditional probabilities which we need for parsing is in general intractable with ISBNs, but they can be approximated efficiently in several ways.
1	6 Phrase Recognition with a Maximum Entropy Classifier For the candidates which are not filtered out in the above two phases, we perform classification with maximum entropy classifiers  .
1	7Following Carletta  , we measure agreement in Kappa, which follows the formula K = P P 1P  where P  is observed, and P  expected agreement.
1	Studies on self-training have focused mainly on generative, constituent based parsing  .
0	  applied the parser of Collins   developed for English, to Czech, and found thatthe performance wassubstantially lower when compared to the results for English.
1	Many strategies have been proposed to integrate morphology information in SMT, including factored translation models  , adding a translation dictionary containing inflected forms to the training data  , entirely replacing surface forms by representations built on lemmas and POS tags  , morphemes learned in an unsupervised manner  , and using Porter stems and even 4-letter prefixes for word alignment  .
1	The grow-diag-final   combination heuristic   adds links so that each new link connects a previously unlinked token.
1	This concept of alignment has been also used for tasks like authomatic vocabulary derivation and corpus alignment  .
2	Because the expressiveness characteristics of ITG naturally constrain the space of possible matching in a highly appropriate fashion, BTG achieves encouraging results for bilingual bracketing using a word-translation lexicon alone  .
2	These rules are learned using a word alignment model, which finds an optimal mapping from words to MR predicates given a set of training sentences and their correct MRs. Word alignment models have been widely used for lexical acquisition in SMT  .
1	The progress in parsing technology are noteworthy, and in particular, various statistical dependency models have been proposed ,,  ,  .
1	The subset was the neighboring alignments   of the Viterbi alignments discovered by Model 1 and Model 2.
1	For English there are many POS taggers, employing machine learning techniques like transformation-based error-driven learning  , decision trees  , markov model  , maximum entropy methods   etc. There are also taggers which are hybrid using both stochastic and rule-based approaches, such as CLAWS  .
1	53 2 Bilexicalization of Inversion Transduction Grammar The Inversion Transduction Grammar of Wu   models word alignment between a translation pair of sentences by assuming a binary synchronous tree on top of both sides
1	1 Introduction In phrase-based statistical machine translation   phrases extracted from word-aligned parallel data are the fundamental unit of translation.
1	Algorithms such as co-training     and the Yarowsky algorithm   make assumptions about the data that permit such an approach.
1	We annotated with the BIO tagging scheme used in syntactic chunkers  .
1	The rules extracted from the training bitext have the following features: a114 P andP , the latter of which is not found in the noisy-channel model, but has been previously found to be a helpful feature  ; 210 Chiang Hierarchical Phrase-Based Translation a114 the lexical weights P w  andP w  , which estimate how well the words in  translate the words in   ; 4 a114 a penalty exp  for extracted rules, analogous to Koehns phrase penalty  , which allows the model to learn a preference for longer or shorter derivations.
1	It uses a log-linear model to define a distribution over the lexical category set for each word and the previous two categories   and the forward backward algorithm efficiently sums over all histories to give a distibution for each word.
0	t is faster and more mnemonic than the one in Dunning  
1	Paraphrasesofthiskind have been shown to be useful in applications such as machine translation   and as an intermediate step in inventory-based classification of abstract relations  .
1	The number of weights wi is 3 plus the number of source languages, and they are trained using minimum error-rate training   to maximize the BLEU score   on a development set.
1	Precision and recall rates were 92.4% on the same data used in  .
1	More recently, the problem has been tackled using unsupervised  ) and supervised  , Ng and Cardie  ) approaches.
1	Similarly, Murdock and Croft   adopted a simple translation model from IBM model 1   and applied it to QA.
2	Moreover, log likelihood ratios are regarded as a more effective method to identify collocations especially when the occurrence count is very low  .
1	Each item is associated with a stack whose signa12Specifically a B-hypergraph, equivalent to an and-or graph   or context-free grammar  .
1	Evaluation Metrics We evaluated the generated translations using three different evaluation metrics: BLEU score  , mWER  , and mPER    .
1	Computing the phrase translation probability is trivial in the training corpora, but lexical weighting   needs lexical-level alignment.
1	3.1 Paraphrase Identification A few unsupervised metrics have been applied to automatic paraphrase identification and extraction  .
1	The first-sense heuristic can be thought of as striving for maximal specificity at the risk of precluding some admissible senses  , 7Allowing for multiple fine-grained senses to be judged as appropriate in a given context goes back at least to Sussna  ; discussed more recently by, e.g., Navigli  .
1	3 The statistical model We use the Xerox part-of-speech tagger  , a statistical tagger made at the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center.
1	Cutting et al. 1992), local rules   and neural networks  .
1	While   showed that this technique was effective when testing on WSJ, the true distribution was closer to WSJ so it made sense to emphasize it.
1	The training samples are respectively used to create the models PT^G, PCHUNK, PBUILD, and PCMECK, all of which have the form: k p  = II _ij  j----1 where a is some action, b is some context, ~"" is a nor4 Model Categories Description Templates Used TAG See   CHUNK chunkandpostag * BUILD CHECK chunkandpostag * cons  cons * cons  T punctuation checkcons * checkcons * production surround * The word, POS tag, and chunk tag of nth leaf.
0	While significant time savings have already been reported on the basis of automatic pre-tagging  , or named entity taggings for the Genia corpus  ), this kind of pre-processing does not reduce the number of text tokens actually to be considered.
1	4.2 Translation Results The evaluation metrics used in our experiments are WER  , PER   and BLEU    .
1	3.2 F-Structure Based NLD Recovery   presented a NLD recovery algorithm operating at LFG f-structure for treebankbased LFG approximations.
1	Several techniques and results have been reported on learning subcategorization frames   from text corpora  .
1	However, most of them do not build a NEs resource but exploit external gazetteers  ,  .
1	F-Measure with an appropriate setting of  will be useful during the development process of new alignment models, or as a maximization criterion for discriminative training of alignment models  .
1	A more optimistic view can be found in  ; they argue that a near-100% interjudge agreement is possible, provided the part-of-speech annotation is done carefully by experts.
1	Recently there have been some works on using multiple treebanks for domain adaptation of parsers, where these treebanks have the same grammar formalism  .
1	However, this may still be too expensive as part of an MT model that directly optimizes some performance measure, e.g., minimum error rate training  .
1	opez   gives indirect experimental evidence that this difference affects performance
2	2.2.2 The Binomial Log Likelihood Ratio as a Statistical Filter Dunning   demonstrates the benefits of the LLR statistic, compared to Pearson's chisquared, on the task of ranking bigram data.
1	4 5 Experiments 5.1 Evaluation Measures We evaluated the proposed method using four evaluation measures, BLEU  , NIST  , WER , and PER .
1	In the iNeast system  , the identification of relevant terms is oriented towards multi-document summarization, and they use a likelihood ratio   which favours terms which are representative of the set of documents as opposed to the full collection.
1	It can be applied to complicated models such IBM Model-4  .
1	Word alignments were generated using Model 4   using the multi-threaded implementation of GIZA++  .
1	Similar to bidirectional labelling in  , there are two learning tasking in this model.
2	East Asian H. pylori strains possess a D motif within CagA in place of the western C motif and this has been shown to be a potent inducer of SHP-2 phosphatase  .
1	These data sets were based on the Wall Street Journal corpus in the Penn Treebank  .
2	1 Introduction Treebank-based probabilistic parsing has been the subject of intensive research over the past few years, resulting in parsing models that achieve both broad coverage and high parsing accuracy  .
1	The model cleanly incorporates both syntax and lexical semantics using quasi-synchronous dependency grammars  .
1	In this paper, two synchronous grammar formalisms are discussed, inversion transduction grammars     and two-variable binary bottom-up non-erasing range concatenation grammars  -BRCGs)  .
2	If the purified proteins are used for mass spectrometric analyses, elution from streptavidin beads is not required because trypsin digestion can be performed efficiently on bead-bound proteins and the released peptides can be analysed by mass spectrometry  .
1	We could also use the value of semantic similarity and relatedness measures   or the existence of hypernym or hyponym relations as features.
1	As a first step, SemEval2007 Task 4 offered many useful insights into the performance of different approaches to semantic relation classification; it has also motivated followup research  .
1	1 Introduction Translational equivalence is a mathematical relation that holds between linguistic expressions with the same meaning  .
1	Among them,   have proposed a way to exploit bilingual dictionnaries at training time.
2	Recent advances in biliary drainage techniques have dramatically improved the mortality rate from  .
1	For these experiments, we have implemented an alignment package for IBM Model 4 using a hillclimbing search and Viterbi training as described in  , and extended this to use new submodels.
1	Among the chunk types, NP chunking is the first to receive the attention  , than other chunk types, such as VP and PP chunking  .
1	2005 Association for Computational Linguistics Automatic identification of sentiment vocabulary: exploiting low association with known sentiment terms Michael Gamon Anthony Aue Natural Language Processing Group Natural Language Processing Group Microsoft Research Microsoft Research mgamon@microsoft.com anthaue@microsoft.com Abstract We describe an extension to the technique for the automatic identification and labeling of sentiment terms described in Turney   and Turney and Littman  
1	Then, by using evaluations similar to those described in   and by Rapp  , we show that the best distance-based measures correlate better overall with human association scores than do the best window based configurations  , and that they also serve as better predictors of the strongest human associations  .
1	Templates for local features are similar to the ones employed by Ratnaparkhi   for POS-tagging  , though as our input already includes POStags, we can make use of part-of-speech information as well.
1	Both taggers used the Penn Treebank tagset and were trained on the Wall Street Journal corpus  .
2	For example, it is well known that translation-invariant undecimated wavelets   are a dramatically more effective domain than the basic fully decimated orthogonal   wavelets for denoised a signal by shrinkage; the realization of 1 This work was partially…
1	2 Literature Survey The task of sentiment analysis has evolved from document level analysis  ;  ) to sentence level analysis  ;  ;  ).
2	By using only the bidirectional word alignment links, one can implement a very robust such filter, as the bidirectional links are generally reliable, even though they have low recall for overall translational correspondences  .
1	We adopt the approach of Marcu and Echihabi  , using a small set of patterns to build relation models, and extend their work by re ning the training and classi cation process using parameter optimization, topic segmentation and syntactic parsing.
1	e then apply Brills rule-based tagger   and BaseNP noun phrase chunker   to extract noun phrases from these sentences
1	hese include the bootstrapping approach  
2	For HFrEF, the INTERMACS profile score   has proven invaluable in capturing a patient’s prevailing health status and facilitating risk/benefit assessment.
1	1, 2 show the examples of w~rious transliterations in KTSET 2.0 .
1	Our hierarchical system is Hiero  , modified to construct rules from a small sample of occurrences of each source phrase in training as described by Lopez  .
2	Unsupervised algorit~m~ such as   have reported good accuracy that rivals that of supervised algorithms.
1	Using dictionaries as network of lexical items or senses has been quite popular for word sense disambiguation   before losing ground to statistical approaches, even though   tried a revival of such methods.
1	2.3 Feature Functions Our phrase-based model uses a standard pharaoh feature functions listed as follows  :  Relative-count based phrase translation probabilities in both directions.
1	We assign tags of part-of-speech   to the words with MXPOST that adopts the Penn Treebank tag set  .
1	The coreference resolution system employs a variety of lexical, semantic, distance and syntactic features .
1	For example, the coding manual for the Switchboard DAMSL dialogue act annotation scheme   states that kappa is used to assess labelling accuracy, and Di Eugenio and Glass   relate reliability to the objectivity of decisions, whereas Carletta   regards reliability as the degree to which we understand the judgments that annotators are asked to make.
1	he cube-pruning by Chiang   and the lazy cube-pruning of Huang and Chiang   turn the computation of beam pruning of CYK decoders into a top-k selection problem given two columns of translation hypotheses that need to be combined
1	To reduce it we exploit the one sense per collocation property  .
1	Other linear time algorithms for rank reduction are found in the literature  , but they are restricted to the case of synchronous context-free grammars, a strict subclass of the LCFRS with f = 2.
1	Similarly to classical NLP tasks such as text chunking   and named entity recognition  , we formulate mention detection as a sequence classification problem, by assigning a label to each token in the text, indicating whether it starts a specific mention, is inside a specific mention, or is outside any mentions.
2	We have been using the output of word_align, a robust alignment program that proved useful for bilingual concordancing of noisy texts  .
1	im and Hovy   make a similar assumption
2	The Simulated Annealing approach has been proven to be very effective when applied to non convex optimization, for which gradient based algorithms may fail to produce good solutions, Cerný  ; Marques et al.
0	A word order correlation bias, as well as the phrase structure biases in Brown et al.'s   Models 4 and 5, would be less beneficial with noisier training bitexts or for language pairs with less similar word order.
0	However, it seems unrealistic to expect a one-size-fits-all approach to be achieve uniformly high performance across varied languages, and, in fact, it doesnt. Though the system presented in   outperforms the best systems in the 2006 PASCAL challenge for Turkish and Finnish, it still does significantly worse on these languages than English  .
1	ohnson   considers conversion to a number of different representations and discusses how this influences accuracy for nonlexicalized PCFGs
1	task, originally introduced in Ramshaw and Marcus   and also described in  , brackets just base NP constituents5.
1	1 Introduction In the past few years, there has been an increasing interest in mining opinions from product reviews  .
1	Most of this prior work deals with supervised transfer learning, and thus requires labeled source domain data, though there are examples of unsupervised  , semi-supervised  , and transductive approaches  .
1	  established that it is important to tune    to maximize performance.
1	Pereira  , Curran   and Lin   use syntactic features in the vector definition.
2	1 Introduction The emergence of phrase-based statistical machine translation     has been one of the major developments in statistical approaches to translation.
1	In this paper, Stanford Named Entity Recognizer   is used to classify noun phrases into four semantic categories: PERSON, LOCATION, ORGANIZARION and MISC.
1	For example, the sets of tags and rule labels have been clustered by our team gr~:mm~trian, while a vocabulary of about 60,000 words has been clustered by machine  .
1	4 Experiments 4.1 Experiment Settings A series of experiments were run to compare the performance of the three SWD models against the baseline, which is the standard phrase-based approach to SMT as elaborated in  .
1	To quickly   evaluate this phenomenon, we trained the statistical IBM wordalignment model 4  ,1 using the GIZA++ software   for the following language pairs: ChineseEnglish, Italian English, and DutchEnglish, using the IWSLT-2006 corpus   for the first two language pairs, and the Europarl corpus   for the last one.
1	We used MXPOST  , a maximum entropy based POS tagger.
1	To examine the effects of including some known AMs on the performance, the following AMs had a 50% chance of being included in the initial population: pointwise mutual information  , the Dice coefficient, and the heuristic measure defined in  : H  =    2log f f f  if POS  = X, log f f f f  otherwise.
1	Previous research in automatic acquisition focuses primarily on the use of statistical techniques, such as bilingual alignment   or extraction of syntactic constructions from online dictionaries and corpora  .
1	Since there is no practical way of determining the classification a0 which maximizes this quantity for a given corpus,   use a greedy algorithm which proceeds from the initial classification, performing the merge which results in the least loss in mutual information at each stage.
2	Max-ent taggers have been shown to be highly competitive on a number of tagging tasks, such as part-of-speech tagging  , named-entity recognition (Borthwick et.
2	Collins   introduced the averaged perceptron, as a way of reducing overfitting, and it has been shown to perform better than the non-averaged version on a number of tasks.
1	correspondence points associated with frequent token types   or by deleting frequent token types from the bitext altogether  .
1	Collins   adapted the perceptron learning algorithm to tagging tasks, via sentence-based global feedback.
1	Their systems output was an ordered list of possible parts according to some statistical metrics  ).
1	The decoder uses a binarized representation of the rules, which is obtained via a syncronous binarization procedure  .
1	Feature weights vector are trained discriminatively in concert with the language model weight to maximize the BLEU   automatic evaluation metric via Minimum Error Rate Training    .
1	The standard split of the corpus into training  , validation  , and testing   was performed.2 As in   we used a publicly available tagger   to provide the part-of-speech tag for each word in the sentence.
1	An alternative representation for baseNPs has been put forward by  .
1	In Table 6 we report our results, together with the state-of-the-art from the ACL wiki5 and the scores of Turney     and from Amac Herdagdelens PairSpace system, that was trained on ukWaC.
1	of the position infer marion of words at ltlat .
1	The parameters for each phrase table were tuned separately using minimum error rate training  .
1	5 Synchronous DIG 5.1 Definition   introduced synchronous binary trees and   introduced synchronous tree adjoining grammars, both of which view the translation process as a synchronous derivation process of parallel trees.
0	This is also the main reason why most summarization systems applied to news articles do not outperform a simple baseline that just uses the first 100 words of an article  .
1	5 Discussion and Future Work The work in this paper substantially differs from previous work in SMT based on the noisy channel approach presented in  .
0	This restriction is necessary because the problem of optimizing many-to-many alignments 5 Our preliminary experiments with n-gram-based overlap measures, such as BLEU   and ROUGE  , show that these metrics do not correlate with human judgments on the fusion task, when tested against two reference outputs.
2	In using the report to categorize a participant’s attentional state in the 10–15 s immediately prior to the report, this methodology has been used to demonstrate reliable and replicable differences in neurocognitive functioning between on-task and mind wandering states  .
0	Of the methods we compare against, only the WordNet-based similarity measures,  , and   provide a method for predicting verb similarities; our learned measure widely outperforms these methods, achieving a 13.6% F-score improvement over the LESK similarity measure.
1	8.1 The Averaged Perceptron Algorithm with Separating Plane The averaged perceptron algorithm   has previously been applied to various NLP tasks   for discriminative reranking.
1	2.3 Perceptron Learning As learning algorithm, we use Perceptron tailored for structured scenarios, proposed by Collins  .
1	We worked with an implementation of the log likelihood ratio   as proposed by Dunning   and two variants of the t-score, one considering all values   and one where only positive values   are kept following the results of Curran and Moens  .
1	The resulting training procedure is analogous to the one presented in   and  .
1	Our system is actually designed as a hybrid of the classic phrase-based SMT model   and the kernel regression model as follows: First, for each source sentence a small relevant set of sentence pairs are retrieved from the large-scale parallel corpus.
1	This incremental process can be iterated to the point that the system 1 It is not just a matter of time, but also of required linguistic skills  ).
1	Dependency models have recently gained considerable interest in many NLP applications, including machine translation  .
1	The statistical machine translation approach is based on the noisy channel paradigm and the Maximum-A-Posteriori decoding algorithm  .
0	Formal complexity analysis has not been carried out, but my algorithm is simpler, at least conceptually, than the variable-word-order parsers of Johnson  , Kashket  , and Abramson and Dahl  .
1	3 Evaluation of Algorithms All four algorithms were run on a 3900 utterance subset of the Penn Treebank annotated corpus   provided by Charniak and Ge  .
1	7Our decoder lacks certain features shown to be beneficial to synchronous grammar decoding, in particular rule binarisation  .
1	Furthermore, techniques such as iterative minimum errorrate training   as well as web-based MT services require the decoder to translate a large number of source-language sentences per unit time.
1	This is one manifestation of what is commonly referred to as the data sparseness problem, and was discussed by Rapp   as a side-effect of specificity.
1	The TRIPS structure generally has more levels of structure   than the Penn Treebank analyses  , in particular for base noun phrases.
1	The mixture coefficients are trained in the usual way  , so that the additional context is exploited when it is useful and ignored when it isnt. The paper proceeds as follows.
1	The system described in   also makes use of syntactic heuristics.
1	Then, we build a classier learned by training data, using a maximum entropy model   and the features related to spelling variations in Table 3.
1	The tree is produced by a state-of-the-art dependency parser   trained on the Wall Street Journal Penn Treebank  .
1	IBM constraints  , lexical word reordering model  , and inversion transduction grammar   constraints   belong to this type of approach.
1	Correlation Coefficient with Human Judgement   Human-Likeness Classifier Accuracy   Figure 1: This scatter plot compares classifiers accuracy with their corresponding metrics correlations with human assessments been previously observed by Liu and Gildea  
1	Daume III   divided features into three classes: domainindependent features, source-domain features and target-domain features.
1	Then, those structurally matched parallel sentences are used as a source for acquiring lexical knowledge snch as verbal case frames  .
1	1 Introduction Summarizing spoken documents has been extensively studied over the past several years  .
1	  describes experiments on the same named-entity dataset as in this paper, but using explicit features rather than kernels.
1	One approach here is that of Wu  , in which word-movement is modeled by rotations at unlabeled, binary-branching nodes.
1	However, our system is the unsupervised learning with small POS-tagged corpus,and we do not restrict the word's sense set within either binary senses  or dictionary's homograph level .
1	Ever since its introduction in general   and in computational linguistics  , many researchers have pointed out that there are quite some problems in using  (e.g.
1	Our strategy for choosing heads is similar to the one in  .
1	We do not completely rule out the possibility that some more sophisticated, ontologically promiscuous, first-order analysis  ) might account for these kinds of monotonicity inferences.
1	The training is performed by a single generalized perceptron  .
1	Learning to Disambiguate Word Senses Several recent research projects have taken a corpus-based approach to lexical disambiguation  .
1	This system was worse than the baseline on Bleu  , but an error analysis showed some improvements.
1	Our methods are most influenced by IBMs Model 1  .
1	3.2 Wall Street Journal Our out-of-domain data is the Wall Street Journal   portion of the Penn Treebank   which consists of about 40,000 sentences   annotated with syntactic information.
1	To find the optimal coefficients  for a loglinear combination of these experts, we use separate development data, using the following procedure due to Och  : 1.
1	Methods for doing so, for stochastic parser output, are described by Johnson   and Cahill et al  .
2	he notion that nouns have only one sense per discourse/collocation was also exploited by Yarowsky   in his seminal work on bootstrapping for word sense disambiguation
1	To perform code generalization, Li adopted to Smadjas work   and defined the code strength using a code frequency and a standard deviation in each level of the concept hierarchy.
1	These tasks are generally treated as sequential labeling problems incorporating the IOB tagging scheme  .
1	2 Disperp and Distortion Corpora 2.1 Defining Disperp The ultimate reason for choosing one SCM over another will be the performance of an MT system containing it, as measured by a metric like BLEU  .
2	The pig is increasingly used to study neurobehavioral dysfunction because of multiple advantageous characteristics such as its size and brain development  .
1	Och   introduced minimum error rate training  , a technique for optimizing log-linear modelparametersrelativetoameasureoftranslation quality.
1	In particular, this method has been used for word sense disambiguation   and thesaurus construction  .
1	2 Discriminative Reordering Model Basic reordering models in phrase-based systems use linear distance as the cost for phrase movements  .
1	Moreover, as Collins   mentions, some of the benefits of Model 2 are already captured by inclusion of the distance measure.
1	Similarity-based smoothing   is an intuitively appealing approach to this problem where probabilities of unseen co-occurrences are estimated from probabilities of seen co-occurrences of distributionally similar events.
0	However, most of them fail to utilize non-syntactic phrases well that are proven useful in the phrase-based methods  .
1	This corpus of 29 million words was provided to us by Michael Collins, and was automatically parsed with the parser described in Collins  .
1	Thus, GCNF is a more restrictive normal form than those used by Wu   and Melamed  .
1	The Spanish corpus was parsed using the MST dependency parser   trained using dependency trees generated from the the English Penn Treebank   and Spanish CoNLL-X data  .
1	We ran GIZA++   on the training corpus in both directions using its default setting, and then applied the refinement rule diagand described in   to obtain a single many-to-many word alignment for each sentence pair.
1	Our work builds upon Turneys work on semantic orientation   and synonym learning  , in which he used a PMI-IR algorithm to measure the similarity of words and phrases based on Web queries.
0	2Mutual information, though potentially of interest as a measure of collocational status, was not tested due to its well-known property of overemphasising the significance of rare events  .
1	t has been claimed that content analysis researchers usually regard a > .8 to demonstrate good reliability and .67 < ~ < .8 alf16 lows tentative conclusions to be drawn  )
1	s e, the window to consider when extracting words related to word w, should span from postttuon w-5 to w+5 Maarek also defines the resolwng power of a parr m a document d as P = ~'Pd log Pc where Pd is the observed probabshty of appearance of the pan"" m document d, Pc the observed probabdny of the pmr recorpus, and -log Pc the quantity of mformauon assocmted to the pmr It Is easdy seen that p wall be h|gher, the higher the frequency of the pmr m the document and the lower sts frequency m the corpus, which agrees wlth the sdea presented at the begmnmg of this sectton Church and Hanks   propose the apphcatlon of the concept of mutual mformatton e  ~,  = hog2 ecx)e  51 to the retrieval, ro a corpus, of pairs of lextcally related words They alsoconslder a word span of :e5 words and observe that ""roterestrog"" pmr, s generally present a mutual mformatxon above 3 Salton and.Allan   foc~as on paragraph level Each paragraph Is represented by a weighed vector, where each element is a term (typically.
2	1 Introduction The availability of large amounts of so-called parallel texts has motivated the application of statistical techniques to the problem of machine translation starting with the seminal work at IBM in the early 90s  .
1	We enrich the semantic information available to the classifier by using semantic similarity measures based on the WordNet taxonomy  .
1	We use the finite-state parses of FaSTU$   for recognizing these entities, but the method extends to any basic phrasal parser 4.
1	To set the weights, m, we performed minimum error rate training   on the development set using Bleu   as the objective function.
1	We used GIZA++   to align approximately 751,000 sentences from the German-English portion of the Europarl corpus  , in both the German-to-English and English-to-German directions.
1	ts distribution is asymptotic to a  2 distribution and can hence be used as a test statistic  
1	Some methods parse two flat strings at once using a bitext grammar  .
1	Many researchers build alignment links with bilingual corpora  .
1	Our process of extraction of rules as synchronous trees and then converting them to synchronous CFG rules is most similar to that of  .
1	Kupiec   has proposed an estimation method for the N-gram language model using the Baum-Welch reestimation algorithm   from an untagged corpus and Cutting et al.
1	For the first two tasks, all heuristics of the Pharaoh-Toolkit   as well as the refined heuristic   to combine both IBM4-alignments were tested and the best ones are shown in the tables.
1	These categories were automatically generated using the labeled parses in Penn Treebank   and the labeled semantic roles of PropBank  .
1	here has been a large interest in recognizing non-overlapping noun phrases   and follow-up papers) but relatively little has been written about identifying phrases of other syntactic categories
1	n alternative to linear models is the log-linear models suggested by Och  
1	Syntagmatic strategies for determining similarity have often been based on statistical analyses of large corpora that yield clusters of words occurring in similar bigram and trigram contexts  , as well as in similar predicateargument structure contexts  .
1	2 Related Work Given its potential usefulness in coreference resolution, anaphoricity determination has been studied fairly extensively in the literature and can be classified into three categories: heuristic rule-based  , statistics-based   and learning-based  .
1	For getting the syntax trees, the latest version of Collins parser   was used.
1	The surface heuristic can define consistency according to any word alignment; but most often, the alignment is provided by GIZA++  .
1	Many corpus based methods have been proposed to deal with the sense disambiguation problem when given de nition for each possible sense of a target word or a tagged corpus with the instances of each possible sense, e.g., supervised sense disambiguation  , and semi-supervised sense disambiguation  .
1	Exact Decoding is the original decoding problem as defined in   and Relaxed Decoding is the relaxation of the decoding problem typically used in practice.
1	An alternative would be using a vector space model for classi cation where calltypes and utterances are represented as vectors including word a2 -grams  .
1	While error-driven training techniques are commonly used to improve the performance of phrasebased translation systems  , this paper presents a novel block sequence translation approach to SMT that is similar to sequential natural language annotation problems 727 such as part-of-speech tagging or shallow parsing, both in modeling and parameter training.
1	his further supports the claim by Dunning   that loglikelihood ratio is much less sensitive than pmi to low counts
2	Movies Reviews: This is a popular dataset in sentiment analysis literature  .
1	 , who retrain the Ratnaparkhi   tagger and reach accuracies of 93% using CTB-I.
1	When we trained external Chinese models, we used the same unlabeled data set as DeNero and Klein  , including the bilingual dictionary.
0	his normal form allows simpler algorithm descriptions than the normal forms used by Wu   and Melamed  
1	are equivalent to a maximum entropy variant of the phrase sense disambiguation approach studied by Carpuat & Wu  
1	The leader of the pack is the MXPOST tagger  .
1	Both left-corner strategy   and head-corner strategy   were employed in incremental parsing.
1	Texts are represented by dependency parse trees  ) and templates by parse sub-trees.
1	For practical reasons, the maximum size of a token was set at three for Chinese, andfour forKorean.2 Minimum error rate training   was run on each system afterwardsand BLEU score   was calculated on the test sets.
1	The basic engine used to perform the tagging in these experiments is a direct descendent of the maximum entropy   tagger of   which in turn is related to the taggers of   and  .
2	Recent papers   show that spatial max and average pooling of feature maps output by intermediate convolutional layers is an effective representation, and higher performance can be achieved compared to using fully connected layers.
1	We follow   and approximate the metrics using the sigmoid function.
1	6 Evaluation 6.1 Data The data used for our comparison experiments were developed as part of the OntoNotes project  , which uses the WSJ part of the Penn Treebank  .
1	To this extent, we cast the supersense tagging problem as a sequence labeling task and train a discriminative Hidden Markov Model  , based on that of Collins  , on the manually annotated Semcor corpus  .
1	These findings are in line with Collins & Roarks   results with incremental parsing with perceptrons, where it is suggested that a generative baseline feature provides the perceptron algorithm with a much better starting point for learning.
1	Logics for the IBM Models   would be similar to our logics for phrase-based models.
1	In earlier work   only singletons were used as seed words; varying their number allows us to test whether multiple seed words have a positive effect in detection performance.
1	However, the approach raises two major challenges: 7In practice, MERT training   will be used to train relative weights for the different model components.
0	While beamforming is embarrassingly parallel and data oriented, the Von Neumann machine is control oriented  .
1	Furthermore, training corpora for information extraction are typically annotated with domain-specific tags, in contrast to general-purpose annotations such as part-of-speech tags or noun-phrase bracketing  .
2	PBN is widely used for ROS scavenging, and most importantly, has been shown to reverse the age-related oxidative changes and to reduce oxidative damage from ischemia/reperfusion injury.  The antioxidant activity of PBN protects biologically important molecules from oxidative damage.
1	This paper proposes a method for building a bilingual lexicon through a pivot language by using phrase-based statistical machine translation    .
1	Following our previous work  , we extract features from a sequence representation and a parse tree representation of each relation instance.
1	One way around this dif culty is to stipulate that all rules must be binary from the outset, as in inversion-transduction grammar     and the binary synchronous context-free grammar   employed by the Hiero system   to model the hierarchical phrases.
1	he basic phrase-based model is an instance of the noisy-channel approach  
1	Instead of computing all intersections, Och   only computes critical intersections where highest-score translations will change.
1	Previous uses of this model include language modeling , machine translation , prepositional phrase attachment , and word morphology .
1	Our trees look just like syntactic constituency trees, such as those in the Penn TreeBank  , 141 ROOT PROT PROT NN PEBP2 PROT NN alpha NN A1 , , PROT NN alpha NN B1 , , CC and PROT NN alpha NN B2 NNS proteins VBD bound DT the DNA PROT NN PEBP2 NN site IN within DT the DNA NN mouse PROT NN GM-CSF NN promoter . . Figure 1: An example of our tree representation over nested named entities.
1	Our systems use both corpus-based and knowledge-based approaches: Maximum Entropy    is a corpus-based and supervised method based on linguistic features; ME is the core of a bootstrapping algorithm that we call re-training inspired  This paper has been partially supported by the Spanish Government   under project number TIC-2003-7180 and the Valencia Government   under project number CTIDIB-2002-151 by co-training  ; Relevant Domains     is a resource built from WordNet Domains   that is used in an unsupervised method that assigns domain and sense labels; Specification Marks    exploits the relations between synsets stored in WordNet   and does not need any training corpora; Commutative Test    , based on the Sense Discriminators device derived from EWN  , disambiguates nouns inside their syntactic patterns, with the help of information extracted from raw corpus.
1	The idea of bidirectional parsing is related to the bidirectional sequential classification method described in  .
1	illmann and Zhang   present a procedure to directly optimize the global scoring function used by a phrasebased decoder on the accuracy of the translations
1	The following four metrics were used speci cally in this study: BLEU  : A weighted geometric mean of the n-gram matches between test and reference sentences multiplied by a brevity penalty that penalizes short translation sentences.
1	  have proposed an algorithm for doing word alignment which applies a discriminative step at every iteration of the traditional Expectation-Maximization algorithm used in IBM models.
1	Much of the work in sentiment analysis in the computational linguistics domain has focused either on short segments, such as sentences  , or on longer documents with an explicit polarity orientation like movie or product reviews  .
2	 , but we use a maximum entropy classifier   to determine parser actions, which makes parsing extremely fast.
1	Wu   used a binary bracketing ITG to segment a sen19 tence while simultaneously word-aligning it to its translation, but the model was trained heuristically with a fixed segmentation.
1	We compared our system to Pharaoh, a leading phrasal SMT decoder  , and our treelet system.
1	   , and extend it to structured shape descriptions of visual data.
1	This clustering was created automatically with the aid of a methodology described in  .
2	Besides saving cost, the ability to dependably work with a single human translation has an additional advantage: it is now possible to create Recall-based evaluation measures for MT, which has been problematic for evaluation with multiple reference translations, since only one of the choices from the reference set is used in translation  .
2	More recent work   has considered methods for speeding up the feature selection methods described in Berger, Della Pietra, and Della Pietra  , Ratnaparkhi  , and Della Pietra, Della Pietra, and Lafferty  .
2	One of the simplest models that can be seen in the context of lexical triggers is the IBM model 1   which captures lexical dependencies between source and target words.
1	urney   suggested comparing the frequency of phrase co-occurrences with words predetermined by the sentiment lexicon
1	Another line of research closely related to our work is the recognition of semantic orientation and sentiment analysis  .
1	To reduce the knowledge engineering burden on the user in constructing and porting an IE system, unsupervised learning has been utilized, e.g. Riloff  , Yangarber et al.
1	Our baseline uses Giza++ alignments   symmetrized with the grow-diag-final-and heuristic  .
1	For tuning of decoder parameters, we conducted minimum error training   with respect to the BLEU score using 916 development sentence pairs.
1	n this data set the 4-tuples of the test and training sets were extracted from Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal \ 
1	For example, the Penn Treebank   was annotated with skeletal syntactic structure, and many syntactic parsers were evaluated and compared on the corpus.
1	Given two sentences X and Y, the WLCS score of X and Y can be computed using the similar dynamic programming procedure as stated in  .
1	Our test set is 3718 sentences from the English Penn treebank   which were translated into German.
1	Chunks can be represented with bracket structures but alternatively one can use a tagging representation which classifies words as being inside a chunk  , outside a chunk   or at a chunk boundary    .
1	If we assign a probability a13a15a14a17a16 a10a12a11a5a19a18a2 a3a5a21a20 to each pair of strings a16 a10 a11a5a12a22 a2a4a3a5 a20, then according to Bayes decision rule, we have to choose the English string that maximizes the product of the English language model a13a23a14a24a16 a10 a11a5 a20 and the string translation model a13a15a14a17a16a25a2 a3a5a26a18a10a27a11a5a28a20 . Many existing systems for statistical machine translation   make use of a special way of structuring the string translation model like proposed by  : The correspondence between the words in the source and the target string is described by alignments which assign one target word position to each source word position.
1	Therefore, to make the phrase-based SMT system robust against data sparseness for the ranking task, we also make use of the IBM Model 4   in both directions.
1	Decoding time of our experiments    language model for rescoring  .
1	Parsing has been also used after extraction   for filtering out invalid results.
1	To closely reproduce the experiment with the best performance carried out in   using SVM, we use unigram with the presence feature.
1	It has also obtained competitive scores on general GR evaluation corpora  .
1	The difference between MWA and bilingual word alignment   is that the MWA method works on monolingual parallel corpus instead of bilingual corpus used by bilingual word alignment.
1	Finally, the fourth and fifth feature functions corresponded to two lexicon models based on IBM Model 1 lexical parameters p   .
2	3 System Overview 3.1 Translation model The system developed for this years shared task is a state-of-the-art, two-pass phrase-based statistical machine translation system based on a log-linear translation model  .
1	Related to this issue, we note that the head rules, which were nearly identical to those used in  , have not been tuned at all to this task.
0	In our cohort of 11 patients, we had a 27% reinsertion rate, which is greater than the 7% reinsertion rate described in the literature  .
1	The system was trained in a standard manner, using a minimum error-rate training   procedure   with respect to the BLEU score   on held-out development data to optimize the loglinear model weights.
1	This paper continues a line of research on online discriminative training  , extending that of Watanabe et al.
1	We use the maximum entropy tagging method described in   for the experiments, which is a variant of   modified to use HMM state features.
1	For the simple bag-of-word bilingual LSA as describedinSection2.2.1,afterSVDonthesparsematrix using the toolkit SVDPACK  , all source and target words are projected into a lowdimensional   LSA-space.
1	We also employ the voted perceptron algorithm   and the early update technique as in  .
2	Fourthly, variational deterministic mode searching approaches are used to make particles more effective  .
2	5 Related Work Discriminative models have recently been proved to be more effective than generative models in some NLP tasks, e.g., parsing  , POS tagging   and LM for speech recognition  .
1	5.3 Experimental setup We used the Stanford Parser   for both languages, Penn English Treebank   and Penn Arabic Treebank set  .
1	The recent approaches used pair-wise alignment algorithms based on symmetric alignments from a HMM alignment model   or edit distance alignments allowing shifts  .
1	urney   has presented an unsupervised opinion classification algorithm called SO-PMI  
1	The algorithm to acquire the lexicon, implemented in the ARIOSTQLEX system, has been extensively described in \ .
1	Reported work includes improved model variants   and applications such as web data extraction  , scientific citation extraction  , word alignment  , and discourselevel chunking  .
2	1 Introduction Over the past decade, there has been tremendous progress on learning parsing models from treebank data  .
2	…for remediation of runoff from agricultural irrigation and agro-industrial production has become increasingly popular over the last decades, due to their low capital and operational cost, low energy consumption, and environmental friendliness  .
1	However, as also pointed out by Yarowsky  , this observation does not hold uniformly over all possible co-occurrences of two words.
1	Similar to Goldwater and Griffiths   and Johnson  , Toutanova and Johnson   also use Bayesian inference for POS tagging.
1	3 MaltParser MaltParser   is a languageindependent system for data-driven dependency parsing, based on a transition-based parsing model  .
1	We use the beam search technique of   to search the space of all hypotheses.
2	It was found to produce automated scores, which strongly correlate with human judgements about translation fluency  .
1	dditional evidence for this distinction is given in Pustejovsky and Anick   and Briscoe et al
1	4.2 Adaptation to Chinese  s algorithm   only resolves certain NLDs with known types of antecedents   at fstructures.
1	This operation does not change the collection of phrases or rules extracted from a hypothesized alignment, see, for instance,  .
0	Unfortunately, there is no straightforward generalization of the method of Smith and Smith   to the two edge marginal problem.
1	Our human word alignments do not distinguish between Sure and Probable links  .
0	Table 2 shows the dependency accuracy, root accuracy and complete match scores for our best parser   in comparison with Collins    , Charniak  , and Yamada and Matsumoto  .5 It is clear that, with respect to unlabeled accuracy, our parser does not quite reach state-of-the-art performance, even if we limit the competition to deterministic methods such as that of Yamada and Matsumoto  .
1	The parser is trained on dependencies extracted from the English Penn Treebank version 3.0   by using the head-percolation rules of  .
1	We take the generator of   as our baseline generator.
1	The resulting corpus contains 385 documents of American English selected from the Penn Treebank  , annotated in the framework of Rhetorical Structure Theory.
1	The final model V uses the weight vector w = summationtextk j=1  Tn  .
1	Speaker ranking accuracy Table 2 summarizes the accuracy of our statistical ranker on the test data with different feature sets: the performance is 89.39% when using all feature sets, and reaches 90.2% after applying Gaussian smoothing and using incremental feature selection as described in   and implemented in the yasmetFS package.6 Note that restricting ourselves to only backward looking features decreases the performance significantly, as we can see in Table 2.
1	The corpus used for training our models was on the order of 100,000 words, whereas that used by   was around 1,000 times this size.
1	5 Related Work Automatically finding sentences with the same meaning has been extensively studied in the field of automatic paraphrasing using parallel corpora and corporawith multiple descriptionsof the same events  .
1	he use of such relations   for various purposes has received growing attention in recent research  
1	2 Background 2.1 Previous Work 2.1.1 Research on Phrase-Based SMT The original work on statistical machine translation was carried out by researchers at IBM  .
1	  all use multiple context words as discriminating features.
1	3.2 Details To learn alignments, translation probabilities, etc in the first method we used work that has been done in statistical machine translation  , where the translation process is considered to be equivalent to a corruption of the source language text to the target language text due to a noisy channel.
1	ald, 2008), and is also similar to the Pred baseline for domain adaptation in  .
1	Recently, methods for training binary classifiers to maximize the F 1 -score have been proposed for SVM   and LRM  .
1	The translation quality is measured by three MT evaluation metrics: TER  , BLEU  , and METEOR  .
1	As a result, they are being used in a variety of applications, such as question answering  , speech recognition  , language modeling  , language generation   and, most notably, machine translation  .
1	The future score is based on the source-language words that are still to be translatedthis can be directly inferred from the items bit-stringthis is similar to the use of future scores in Pharoah  , and in fact we use Pharoahs future scores in our model.
1	We automatically measure performance by comparing the produced headlines against one reference headline produced by a human using ROUGEa129  .
1	4 Experiments The Penn Treebank   is used as the testing corpus.
1	We will employ the structural correspondence learning   domain adaption algorithm used in   for linking the translated text and the natural text.
2	Also, procedures followed for assessment of LV structure and function are known to be highly reliable  .
1	In this work, we use the GIZA++ implementation   of IBM Model 5  .
1	Movie-domainSubjectivityDataSet : Pang and Lee   used a collection of labeled subjective and objective sentences in their work on review classification.5 The data set contains 5000 subjective sentences, extracted from movie reviews collected from the Rotten Tomatoes web formed best.
0	Although the study of heat transfer in magmatic systems has a venerable history  , the explicit connection between heat transfer and the trace element and isotopic evolution of magma in open systems has been investigated less thoroughly despite the obvious coupling.
1	Since most phrases appear only a few times in training data, a phrase pair translation is also evaluated by lexical weights   or term weighting   as additional features to avoid overestimation.
1	To group the letters into classes, we employ a hierarchical clustering algorithm  .
1	Numerous experiments have shown parallel bilingual corpora to provide a rich source of constraints for statistical analysis  .
2	Among the machine learning algorithms studied, rule based systems have proven effective on many natural language processing tasks, including part-of-speech tagging  , spelling correction  , word-sense disambiguation  , message understanding  , discourse tagging  , accent restoration  , prepositional-phrase attachment   and base noun phrase identification  .
1	Semi-supervised conditional random fields   based on a minimum entropy regularizer   have been proposed in  .
1	4.5 Consistency of Annotations In order to assess the consistency of annotation, we follow Carletta   in using Cohen's ~, a chancecorrected measure of inter-rater agreement.
1	he word sense disambiguation method proposed in Yarowsky   can also be viewed as a kind of co-training
1	Unlike probabilistic parsing, proposed by  , *also a staff member of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. ,Ltd., Shinagawa, Tokyo, JAPAN.
1	There have been many studies of zero-pronoun identification      .
1	135 Considering the discourse relation annotations in the PDTB  , there can be alignment between discourse relations   and our opinion frames when the frames represent dominant relations between two clauses.
2	Among the available alternatives, we have selected three well-known tools: cbmc  , a recent tool based on Abstract Interpretation.
2	4.1 Methods and Parameters DL: On Senseval-2 data, we observed that DL improved significantly its performance with a smoothing technique based on  .
2	SVM has been shown to be useful for text classification tasks  , and has previously given good performance in sentiment classification experiments  .
1	We have already shown in Section 3 how to solve  ; here we avoid   by maximizing conditional likelihood, marginalizing out the hidden variable, denotedz: max vector summationdisplay x,y p log summationdisplay z pvector    This sort of conditional training with hidden variables was carried out by Koo and Collins  , for example, in reranking; it is related to the information bottleneck method   and contrastive estimation  .
1	arowsky   has proposed a bootstrapping method for word sense disambiguation
1	So far, most of the statistical machine translation systems are based on the single-word alignment models as described in   as well as the Hidden Markov alignment model  .
1	Our observation is that this situation is ideal for so-called bootstrapping, co-training, or minimally supervised learning methods  .
2	2.1 Log-Linear Models The log-linear model  , or also known as maximum-entropy model  , is a linear classifier widely used in the NLP literature.
1	  and   discuss different ways of generalizing the tree-level crosslinguistic correspondence relation, so it is not confined to single tree nodes, thereby avoiding a continuity assumption.
1	For instance, we may find metrics based on full constituent parsing  , and on dependency parsing  .
1	herefore in Collins   grammar rules are already factorized into a set of probabilities
1	Clearly the present research task is quite considerably harder than the parsing and tagging tasks undertaken in  , which would seem to be the closest work to ours, and any comparison between this work and ours must be approached with extreme caution.
1	These three parsers have given the best reported parsing results on the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal corpus  .
1	In particular, we used this method with WordNet   and using the same training data.
1	1 Introduction Many different statistical tests have been proposed to measure the strength of word similarity or word association in natural language texts  .
1	In phrase-based SMT systems  , foreign sentences are firstly segmented into phrases which consists of adjacent words.
1	Previously published approaches to reducing the rule set include: enforcing a minimum span of two words per non-terminal  , which would reduce our set to 115M rules; or a minimum count   threshold  , which would reduce our set to 78M   or 57M   rules.
0	Unlike Johnson  , who found optimal performance when was approximately 104, we observed monotonic increases in performance as dropped.
2	Bleu is fast and easy to run, and it can be used as a target function in parameter optimization training procedures that are commonly used in state-of-the-art statistical MT systems  .
1	2 Related Work A number of researchers   have described approaches that preprocess the source language input in SMT systems.
2	The Logllkelihood Ratio, G 2, is a mathematically well-grounded and accurate method for calculating how ""surprising"" an event is  .
1	he model of Haghighi and Klein   incorporated a latent variable for named entity class
1	The learning algorithm used is the IB1 algorithm   with k = 5, i.e. classification based on 5 nearest neighbors.4 Distances are measured using the modified value difference metric     for instances with a frequency of at least 3  , and classification is based on distance weighted class voting with inverse distance weighting  .
0	While simple statistical alignment models like IBM-1   and the symmetric alignment approach by Hiemstra   treat sentences as unstructured bags of words, the more sophisticated IBM-models by Brown et al.
1	This approach, however, does not have a theoretical guarantee on optimality unless certain nontrivial conditions are satisfied  .
1	Our next steps will be to take a closer look at the following work: clustering of similar words  , topic signatures   and Kilgariffs sketch engine  .
1	Perceptron Training We optimize feature weights using a modification of averaged perceptron learning as described by Collins  
1	The parameters of the NIST systems were tuned using Ochs algorithm to maximize BLEU on the MT02 test set  .
1	Most importantly, whereas the one-sense-per-discourse assumption   also applies to discriminating images, there is no guarantee of a local collocational or co-occurrence context around the target image.
1	They propose two modifications to f-measure: varying the precision/recall tradeoff, and fully-connecting the alignment links before computing f-measure.11 Weighted Fully-Connected F-Measure Given a hypothesized set of alignment links H and a goldstandard set of alignment links G, we define H+ = fullyConnect  and G+ = fullyConnect , and then compute: f-measure  = 1 precision  + 1 recall  For phrase-based Chinese-English and ArabicEnglish translation tasks,   obtain the closest correlation between weighted fully-connected alignment f-measure and BLEU score using =0.5 and =0.1, respectively.
1	There are many method proposed to extract rigid expressions from corpora such as a method of focusing on the binding strength of two words  ; the distance between words  ; and the number of combined words and frequency of appearance  .
1	In this paper, we modify the method in Albrecht and Hwa   to only prepare human reference translations for the training examples, and then evaluate the translations produced by the subject systems against the references using BLEU score  .
1	Though inter-rater reliability using the kappa statistic   may be calculated for each group, the distribution of categories in the contribution group was highly skewed and warrants further discussion.
1	Barzilay & Lee   employ Multiple Sequence Alignment   to align strings extracted from closely related news articles.
1	Standard MET   iterative parameter estimation under IBM BLEU   is performed on the corresponding development set.
1	Parameters were tuned with MERT algorithm   on the NIST evaluation set of 2003   for both the baseline systems and the system combination model.
1	In the field of parsing, McDonald and Nivre   compared parsing errors between graphbased and transition-based parsers.
0	Chinese word segmentation is a well-known problem that has been studied extensively   and it is known that human agreement is relatively low.
1	In our context, bootstrapping has a similar motivation to the annealing approach of Smith and Eisner  , which also tries to alter the space of hidden outputs in the E-step over time to facilitate learning in the M-step, though of course the use of bootstrapping in general is quite widespread  .
1	The chunking classification was made by   based on the parsing information in the WSJ corpus.
1	For this reason, to our knowledge, all discriminative models proposed to date either side-step the problem by choosing simple model and feature structures, such that spurious ambiguity is lessened or removed entirely  , or else ignore the problem and treat derivations as translations  .
1	Analogous techniques for tree-structured translation models involve either allowing each nonterminal to generate both terminals and other nonterminals  , or, given a constraining parse tree, to flatten it  .
2	rute-force methods   may well produce some useful results  
1	Hindle   proposed dealing with the sparseness problem by estimating the likelihood of unseen events from that of ""similar"" events that have been seen.
1	We repeat Ramshaw and Marcus Transformation Based NP chunking   algorithm by substituting supertags for POS tags in the dataset.
2	The table also shows the popular BLEU   and NIST2 MT metrics.
1	Bean and Riloff   extracts rules from non-anaphoric noun phrases and noun phrases patterns, which are then applied to test data to identify existential noun phrases.
1	aghighi and Klein   use a small list of labeled prototypes and no dictionary
1	Both for the training and for the testing of our algorithm, we used the syntactically analysed sentences of the Brown Corpus  , which have been manually semantically tagged   into semantic concordance files  .
1	This approach is usually referred to as the noisy sourcechannel approach in SMT  .
1	It is important because a wordaligned corpus is typically used as a first step in order to identify phrases or templates in phrase-based Machine Translation  ,  , (Koehn et al. , 2003, sec.
0	For Japanese, dependency trees are trimmed instead of full parse trees   1 This parsing approach is reasonable because the compressed output is grammatical if the 1 Hereafter, we refer these compression processes as tree trimming. input is grammatical, but it offers only moderate compression rates.
1	For instance, the most relaxed IBM Model-1, which assumes that any source word can be generated by any target word equally regardless of distance, can be improved by demanding a Markov process of alignments as in HMM-based models  , or implementing a distribution of number of target words linked to a source word as in IBM fertility-based models  .
1	Syntax based statistical MT approaches began with  , who introduced a polynomial-time solution for the alignment problem based on synchronous binary trees.
1	These 30 questions are determined by growing a classification tree on the word vocabulary as described in  .
1	For the MUC6 data set, we extract noun phrases   automatically, but for MPQA, we assume mentions for coreference resolution are given as in Stoyanov and Cardie  .
1	The RST-DT consists of 385 documents from the Wall Street Journal, about 176,000 words, which overlaps with the Penn Wall St. Journal   Treebank  .
1	Much work has been performed on learning to identify and classify polarity terms   or a negative sentiment  ) and exploiting them to do polarity classification  , Turney  , Kim and Hovy  , Whitelaw et al.
1	Though this model uses trees in the formal sense, it does not create Penn Treebank   style linguistic trees, but uses only one non-terminal label   to create those trees using six simple rule structures.
1	Furthermore, our model is not necessarily nativist; these biases may be innate, but they may also be the product of some other earlier learning algorithm, as the results of Ellison   and Brown et al.
1	For our experiments, we used the binary-only distribution of the tagger  .
1	Named entities also pose another problem with the Haghighi and Klein   coreference model; since it models only the heads of NPs, it will fail to resolve some references to named entities:  , while erroneously merging others:  .
1	his second expression is similar to that used in  
1	In contrast, the latter computes four definite probabilities  which are included as features within a machine-learning classifier  from the Web in an attempt to overcome Bean and Riloffs   data sparseness problem.
2	For the full parser, we use the one developed by Michael Collins    one of the most accurate full parsers around.
1	ps  is increased by 1110 1/  if the hypothesis ranking k in the system s contains the arc  .
2	One of the most effective taggers based on a pure HMM is that developed at Xerox  .
1	c2006 Association for Computational Linguistics Robust PCFG-Based Generation using Automatically Acquired LFG Approximations Aoife Cahill1 and Josef van Genabith1,2 1 National Centre for Language Technology   School of Computing, Dublin City University, Dublin 9, Ireland 2 Center for Advanced Studies, IBM Dublin, Ireland {acahill,josef}@computing.dcu.ie Abstract We present a novel PCFG-based architecture for robust probabilistic generation based on wide-coverage LFG approximations   automatically extracted from treebanks, maximising the probability of a tree given an f-structure.
2	Morphosyntacticinformationhas in fact been shown to significantlyimprove the extractionresults  .
1	In this method, the decision list   learning algorithm   is used.
1	159 2.1 Baseline System The baseline system is a phrase-based SMT system  , built almost entirely using freely available components.
0	series  , although mearsuring signal intensity directly on two different MR equipments, they also gained excellent agreement.
1	However, Dunning   pointed out that for the purpose of corpus statistics, where the sparseness of data is an important issue, it is better to use the log-likelihood ratio.
2	Queuing networks is one of the most used tools to model Discrete Event Dynamic System  , Cassandras and Lafortune  , useful to model realities like communication networks or manufacturing systems.
1	Secondly, we explore the possibility of designing complementary similarity metrics that exploit linguistic information at levels further than lexical. Inspired in the work by Liu and Gildea  , who introduced a series of metrics based on constituent/dependency syntactic matching, we have designed three subgroups of syntactic similarity metrics.
1	We compared our system Lynx against a freely available phrase-based decoder Pharaoh  .
1	This setting is reminiscent of the problem of optimizing feature weights for reranking of candidate machine translation outputs, and we employ an optimization technique similar to that used by Och   for machine translation.
1	Such linguistic-preprocessing techniques could 1Various models have been constructed by the IBM team  .
2	Much later work   relies on the use of extremely large corpora which allow very precise, but sparse features.
1	Skipchain CRF model is applied for entity extraction and meeting summarization  .
1	 ), better language-specific preprocessing   and restructuring  , additional feature functions such as word class language models, and minimum error rate training   to optimize parameters.
1	We then used Cohens Kappa to determine the level of agreement  .
1	First, manyto-many word alignments are induced by running a one-to-many word alignment model, such as GIZA++  , in both directions and by combining the results based on a heuristic  .
2	However, this is not unprecedented: discriminatively weighted generative models have been shown to outperform purely discriminative competitors in various NLP classification tasks  , and remain the standard approach in statistical translation modeling  .
2	  use cascaded processing for full parsing with good results.
1	This fact is being seriously challenged by current research  , and might not be true in the near future  .
1	It ewduato.s the pairwise agreement mnong a set; of coders making category.iudgment, correcting tbr expected chance agreement  .
1	Tuning   was done using minimum error rate training  .
1	Even before the 2006 shared task, the parsers of Collins   and Charniak  , originally developed for English, had been adapted for dependency parsing of Czech, and the parsing methodology proposed by Kudo and Matsumoto   and Yamada and Matsumoto   had been evaluated on both Japanese and English.
1	The data used for all our experiments is extracted from the PENN"" WSJ Treebank   by the program provided by Sabine Buchholz from Tilbug University.
1	Congress of the Italian Association for Artificial Intelligence, Palermo, 1991 B. Boguraev, Building a Lexicon: the Contribution of Computers, IBM Report, T.J. Watson Research Center, 1991 M. Brent, Automatic Aquisition of Subcategorization frames from Untagged Texts, in   N. Calzolari, R. Bindi, Acquisition of Lexical Information from Corpus, in   K. W. Church, P. Hanks, Word Association Norms, Mutual Information, and Lexicography, Computational Linguistics, vol.
1	We ran the baseline semisupervised system for two iterations  , and in contrast with   we found that the best symmetrization heuristic for this system was union, which is most likely due to our use of fully linked alignments which was discussed at the end of Section 3.
1	Also, we used Adwait Ratnaparkhis part-of-speech tagger   to tag unknown words in the test data.
1	 , Walker  , Fink and Biermann  , Mudler and Paulus  , Carbonell and Pierrel  , Young  , and Young et al.
1	The model scaling factors are optimized using minimum error rate training  .
1	1 Introduction A recent theme in parsing research has been the application of statistical methods to linguistically motivated grammars, for example LFG  , HPSG  , TAG   and CCG  .
1	The limited contexts used in this model are similar to the previous methods  .
1	The closest work is that of Jing and McKeown   and Daume III and Marcu  , in which multiple sentences are processed, with fragments within them being recycled to generate the novel generated text.
1	arletta   deserves the credit for bringing  to the attention of computational linguists
1	In one experiment, it has to be performed on the basis of the gold-standard, assumed-perfect POS taken directly from the training data, the Penn Treebank  , so as to abstract from a particular POS tagger and to provide an upper bound.
0	Training on about 40,000 sentences   achieves a crossing brackets rate of 1.07, a better value than our 1.63 value for regular parsing or the 1.13 value assuming perfect segmentation/tagging, but even for similar text types, comparisons across languages are of course problematic.
1	1 Specifically, MIMIC uses an n-dimensional call router front-end  , which is a generalization of the vector-based call-routing paradigm of semantic interpretation  ; that is, instead of detecting one concept per utterance, MIMIC's semantic interpretation engine detects multiple   concepts or classes conveyed by a single utterance, by using n call touters in parallel.
1	As for parser, we train three off-shelf maximum-entropy parsers   using the Arabic, Chinese and English Penn treebank  .
1	3.3 Features Similar to the default features in Pharaoh  , we used following features to estimate the weight of our grammar rules.
1	We have also applied our more general unification grammar acquisition methodology to the TIGER Treebank   and Penn Chinese Treebank  , extracting wide-coverage, probabilistic LFG grammar 361 Computational Linguistics Volume 31, Number 3 approximations and lexical resources for German   and Chinese  .
1	three models in   are susceptible to the method.
1	  and section 23 for testing  ; we only tested on sentences _< 40 words  .
1	The translation problem can be statistically formulated as in  .
2	For English, after a relatively big jump achieved by  , we have seen two significant improvements:   and   pushed the results by a significant amount each time.1 1In our final comparison, we have also included the results of  , because it has surpassed   as well and we have used this tagger in the data preparation phase.
1	 , these models have non-uniform linguistically motivated structure, at present coded by hand.
1	3.5 Maximum Entropy Model In order to build a unified probabilistic query alteration model, we used the maximum entropy approach of  , which Li et al.
2	N-grams have been used extensively for this purpose  .
1	4 Structural Correspondence Learning SCL     is a recently proposed domain adaptation technique which uses unlabeled data from both source and target domain to learn correspondences between features from different domains.
1	Most current approaches emphasize within-sentence dependencies such as the distortion in  , the dependency of alignment in HMM  , and syntax mappings in  .
1	They were based on mutual information  , conditional probabilities  , or on some standard statistical tests, such as the chi-square test or the loglikelihood ratio  .
1	Unfortunately, longer sentences  , longer phrases  , two LMs  , higher-order LMs  , multiple higher-order lexicalized re-ordering models  , etc. all contributed to increased system?s complexity, and, as a result, time limitations prevented us from performing minimum-error-rate training     for ucb3, ucb4 and ucb5.
1	Assuming that the parameters P  are known, the most likely alignment is computed by a simple dynamic-programming algorithm.1 Instead of using an Expectation-Maximization algorithm to estimate these parameters, as commonly done when performing word alignment  , we directly compute these parameters by relying on the information contained within the chunks.
1	For MCE learning, we selected the reference compression that maximize the BLEU score    ) from the set of reference compressions and used it as correct data for training.
1	Abney   notes important problems with the soundness of the approach when a unification-based grammar is actually determining the derivations, motivating the use of log-linear models   for parse ranking that Johnson and colleagues further developed  .
1	c2007 Association for Computational Linguistics Structural Correspondence Learning for Dependency Parsing Nobuyuki Shimizu Information Technology Center University of Tokyo Tokyo, Japan shimizu@r.dl.itc.u-tokyo.ac.jp Hiroshi Nakagawa Information Technology Center University of Tokyo Tokyo, Japan nakagawa@dl.itc.u-tokyo.ac.jp Abstract Following  , we present an application of structural correspondence learning to non-projective dependency parsing  .
2	…role in many NLP applications, deterministic models based on rich sets of expert rules for coreference have been shown recently to achieve performance rivaling, if not exceeding, the performance of state of the art machine learning approaches  .
1	Following previous work on using global features of candidate structures to learn a ranking model  , the global   features we consider here are simple functions of the local features that capture the relationship between NP pairs.
1	In the first of our methods we align manual transcripts and ASR sentences using the IBM translation model   to obtain a probabilistic dictionary.
1	Although the parser is not yet complete, we expect that its breath of coverage of the language will be substantially larger than that of other Government-binding parsers recently reported in the literature  , Kuhns  , Sharp  , and Wehrli  ).
1	In prior research, ILP was used as a postprocessing step to remove redundancy and make other global decisions about parameters  .
2	1 Introduction Co-occurrence statistics extracted from corpora lead to good performance on a wide range of tasks that involve the identification of the semantic relation between two words or concepts  .
1	All evaluation is in terms of the BLEU score on our test set  .
1	Research on the automatic classification of movie or product reviews as positive or negative  ) is perhaps the most similar to our work.
1	From a theoretical point of view, it is difficult to find motivation for the parameter estimation methods used by    see   for discussion.
1	Because our system uses a synchronous CFG, it could be thought of as an example of syntax-based statistical machine translation  , joining a line of research   that has been fruitful but has not previously produced systems that can compete with phrase-based systems in large-scale translation tasks such as the evaluations held by NIST.
2	Workshops supplemented by ongoing feedback or supervision does result in sustained improvements in counselor practice  .
1	Inversion Transduction Grammar     and Syntax-Directed Translation Schema     lack both of these properties.
1	The translation and reference files are analyzed by a treebank-based, probabilistic LFG parser  , which produces a set of dependency triples for each input.
2	In particular, flavonoids and phenolic compounds are highly effective antioxidants that possess anticancer, hypolipidemic, anti-aging, and anti-inflammatory properties; thus, they have received increasing attention  .
1	dependency lengths: Long-distance dependencies exhibit bad performance  .
1	4 Phrase-Based Translation In phrase-based translation, the translation process is modeled by splitting the source sentence into phrases   and translating the phrases as a unit  .
1	All of the features of the ATR/Lancaster Treebank that are described below represent a radical departure from extant large-scale   treebanks.
1	Similarly to MERT, Tillmann and Zhang estimate the parameters of a weight vector on a linear combination of   features using a global objective function correlated with BLEU  .
1	Our decoder is a phrase-based multi-stack imple5 mentation of the log-linear model similar to Pharaoh  .
1	4.2 Support Vector Machines We chose to adopt a tagging perspective for the Simple NP chunking task, in which each word is to be tagged as either B, I or O depending on wether it is in the Beginning, Inside, or Outside of the given chunk, an approach first taken by Ramshaw and Marcus  , and which has become the de-facto standard for this task.
1	This source of overcounting is considered and fixed by Wu   and Zens and Ney  , which we briefly review here.
2	Interestingly, one of the top canonical pathways that was utilized by the EPCs was the mTOR signaling pathway, which is important for the maintenance of embryonic stem cells and is embryonically lethal when knocked-out  .
1	1 Introduction Since their appearance, BLEU   and NIST   have been the standard tools used for evaluating the quality of machine translation.
1	For the maximum entropy classifier, we estimate the weights by maximizing the likelihood of a heldout set, using the standard IIS algorithm  .
1	The word alignment models implemented in GIZA++, the so-called IBM   and HMM alignment models   are typical implementation of the EM algorithm  .
1	4 Features For our experiments we use the features proposed, motivated and described in detail by  .
1	73 ment and phrase-extraction heuristics described in  , minimum-error-rate training  , a trigram language model with KneserNey smoothing trained with SRILM   on the English side of the training data, and Moses   to decode.
1	In this paper we use a non-projective dependency tree CRF  .
2	‚Ä¶using the software of MEME online-version 4.6.1  , which is one of the most widely used tools for observation of new sequence patterns in biological sequences and analysis of their significance  .
1	Below is an example of the initial-state tagging of a sentence from the Penn Treebank \ , where an underscore is to be read as or.
2	The most widely used approach derives phrase pairs from word alignment matrix  .
1	Discriminative, context-specific training seems to yield a better set of similar predicates, e.g. the highest-ranked contexts for DSPcooc on the verb join,3 lead 1.42, rejoin 1.39, form 1.34, belong to 1.31, found 1.31, quit 1.29, guide 1.19, induct 1.19, launch   1.18, work at 1.14 give a better SIMS  for Equation   than the top similarities returned by  : participate 0.164, lead 0.150, return to 0.148, say 0.143, rejoin 0.142, sign 0.142, meet 0.142, include 0.141, leave 0.140, work 0.137 Other features are also weighted intuitively.
1	A statistical prediction engine provides the completions to what a human translator types  .
1	The most similar work to ours is  , in which two most common synsets from WordNet for all words in an NP and their hypernyms are extracted as features.
1	The automatic metrics that were evaluated in this years shared task were the following:  Bleu  Bleu remains the de facto standard in machine translation evaluation.
1	Two block sets are derived for each of the training sets using a phrase-pair selection algorithm similar to  .
1	We hence chose transformation-based learning to create this   segmentation grammar, converting the segmentation task into a tagging task  , inter alia).
1	We use the IBM Model 1   and the Hidden Markov Model  ) to estimate the alignment model.
1	The triplet lexicon model presented in this work can also be interpreted as an extension of the standard IBM model 1   with an additional trigger.
1	4.3 Scoring All-N Rules We observed that the likelihood of nouns mentioned in a definition to be referred by the concept title depends greatly on the syntactic path connecting them  ).
1	1 Introduction Machine translation systems based on probabilistic translation models   are generally trained using sentence-aligned parallel corpora.
2	These molecules may replace some expensive growth factors and are promising for standardization of ESC cultivation  .
1	  and   also report results for semi-supervised learning for these domains.
1	We employ a robust statistical parser   to determine the constituent structure for each sentence, from which subjects  , objects  , and relations other than subject or object   are identified.
1	Researchers extracted opinions from words, sentences, and documents, and both rule-based and statistical models are investigated  .
2	In this review article, we first briefly explain the steps of a well-performed SR/MA   and then apply them to the topic of VUR.
0	Our method, extending this line of research with the use of labelled LFG dependencies, partial matching, and n-best parses, allows us to considerably outperform Liu and Gildea?s   highest correlations with human judgement  , although it has to be kept in mind that such comparison is only tentative, as their correlation is calculated on a different test set.
1	here are some existing corpus linguistic researches on automatic extraction of collocations from electronic text  
1	The main data set consist of four sections   of the Wall Street Journal   part of the Penn Treebank   as training material and one section   as test material 1.
1	1 Introduction Early works,  , and to a certain extent  , presented methods to ex~.:'~.ct bi'_.'i~gua!
1	Haghighi and Klein   develop a prototype-driven approach, which requires just a few prototype examples for each POS tag and exploits these labeled words to constrain the labels of their distributionally similar words.
1	For the efficiency of minimum-error-rate training  , we built our development set   using sentences not exceeding 50 characters from the NIST MT-02 evaluation test data.
1	A similar approach is used here, including a collapsed version of the Treebank POS tag set  , with additions for specific words  , compound punctuation  , and a general emoticon tag, resulting in a total of 41 tags.
2	Successful discriminative parsers have relied on generative models to reduce training time and raise accuracy above generative baselines  .
1	5 Related Work There has not been much previous work on graphical models for full parsing, although recently several latent variable models for parsing have been proposed  .
0	Our predicate-argument structure-based thesatmis is based on the method proposed by Hindie  , although Hindle did not apply it to information retrieval.
1	Appendix B gives a sketch of one such approach, which is based on results from Collins, Schapire, and Singer  .
0	Without specific knowledge of the target domains annotation standards, significant improvement can not be made .
1	We used the WordNet::Similarity package   to compute baseline scores for several existing measures, noting that one word pair was not processed in WS-353 because one of the words was missing from WordNet.
1	3.3 Voted Perceptron Unlike other methods discussed so far, voted perceptron training   attempts to minimize the difference between the global feature vector for a training instance and the same feature vector for the best-scoring labeling of that instance according to the current model.
1	This ITG constraint is characterized by the two forbidden structures shown in Figure 1  .
1	To generate word alignments we use GIZA++  , which implements both the IBM Models of Brown et al.
1	Pattern-based approaches are known for their high accuracy in recognizing instances of relations if the patterns are carefully chosen, either manually   or via automatic bootstrapping  .
2	The BLEU metric   in MT has been particularly successful; for example MT05, the 2005 NIST MT evaluation exercise, used BLEU-4 as the only method of evaluation.
1	1 Word associations   have a wide range of applications including: speech recognition, optical character recognition, and information retrieval    .
1	Lastly, collocations are domain-dependent   and language-dependent.
1	More recently, there have been many proposals to introduce syntactic knowledge into SMT models  .
2	Many machine learning techniques have been successfully applied to chunking tasks, such as Regularized Winnow  , SVMs  , CRFs  , Maximum Entropy Model  , Memory Based Learning   and SNoW  .
1	aghighi and Klein   propose constraining the mapping from hidden states to POS tags so that at most one hidden state maps to any POS tag
2	4 Evaluation The purpose of our evaluation is to contrast our proposed feature based approach with a state-ofthe-art sequential learning technique  .
1	Since the word support model and triple context matching model have been proposed in our previous work   at the SIGHAN bakeoff 2005   and 2006  , the major descriptions of this paper is on the WBT model.
1	Document level sentiment classification is mostly applied to reviews, where systems assign a positive or negative sentiment for a whole review document  .
0	The evaluation shows that our algorithm considerably outperforms  s with respect to Chinese data.
1	The training and test set were derived by finding all instances of the confusable words in the Brown Corpus, using the Penn Treebank parts of speech and tokenization  , and then dividing this set into 80% for training and 20% for testing.
1	  propose a tree sequence-based tree to tree translation model and Zhang et al
1	In word-based models, such as IBM Model 1-5  , the probability P  is decomposed into statistical parameters involving words.
1	Previous studies have shed light on the predictability of the next unix command that a user will enter  , the next keystrokes on a small input device such as a PDA  , and of the translation that a human translator will choose for a given foreign sentence  .
1	he algorithm we implemented is inspired by the work of Yarowsky   on word sense disambiguation
1	Since we need knowledge-poor Daille, 1996) induction, we cannot use human-suggested filtering Chi-squared   2   Z-Score   Students t-Score   n-gram list in accordance to each probabilistic algorithm.
1	The first one, GIZA-Lex, is obtained by running the GIZA++2 implementation of the IBM word alignment models   on the initial parallel corpus.
1	There are many POS taggers developed using different techniques for many major languages such as transformation-based error-driven learning  , decision trees  , Markov model  , maximum entropy methods   etc for English.
1	The English experiments were performed on the Penn Treebank  , using a standard set of head-selection rules   to convert the phrase structure syntax of the Treebank to a dependency tree representation.6 We split the Treebank into a training set  , a development set  , and several test sets  .
2	EOs have proven effective in plant protection against plant chewing and sucking insect pests, as well as flies that oviposit in fruit  .
1	These techniques included unweighted FS morphology, conditional random fields  , synchronous parsers  , lexicalized parsers  ,22 partially supervised training `a la  ,23 and grammar induction  .
1	It has been shown repeatedly--e.g. , Briscoe and Carroll  , Charniak  , Collins  , Inui et al.
1	Table 3 shows the differences between the treebank~ utilized in   on the one hand, and in the work reported here, on the other, is Table 4 shows relevant lSFigures for Average Sentence Length   and Training Set Size, for the IBM ManuaLs Corpus, are approximate, and cz~e fzom  .
1	The idea of threading EEs to their antecedents in a stochastic parser was proposed by Collins  , following the GPSG tradition  .
1	sentence length: The longer the sentence is, the poorer the parser performs  .
1	  do not use a feature selection technique, employing instead an objective function which includes a Table 4 Values of Savings   for various values of a, b. ab Savings   1100,000 2,692.7 110 48.6 11100 83.5 1011,000 280.0 1,00110,000 1,263.9 10,00150,000 2,920.2 50,001100,000 4,229.8 Collins and Koo Discriminative Reranking for NLP Gaussian prior on the parameter values, thereby penalizing parameter values which become too large: a C3  arg min a  LogLossa X k0:::m a 2 k 7 2 k  28 Closed-form updates under iterative scaling are not possible with this objective function; instead, optimization algorithms such as gradient descent or conjugate gradient methods are used to estimate parameter values.
0	GST-53BP2  and GST-GL  also bind DIG-PP1g1 well, whereas GST-GL , which does not contain its PP1-binding site, is unable to bind to DIG-PP1g1.
1	Though our motivation is similar to that of Koehn and Hoang  , we chose to build an independent component for inflection prediction in isolation rather than folding morphological information into the main translation model.
1	  Here, the candidate generator gen  enumerates candidates of destination   strings, and the scorer P  denotes the conditional probability of the string t for the given s. The scorer was modeled by a noisy-channel model   and maximum entropy framework  .
1	The proxy slot denotes a semantic individual which serves the role of an event instance in a partially Davidsonian scheme, as in   or  .
2	Both the alleviation of fluid overload   as well as the provision of this necessary volume in the form of medications improve outcomes and mortality risk.
2	Bean and Riloff   and Uryupina   construct quite accurate classifiers to detect unique NPs
1	Full discriminative parser training faces signi cant algorithmic challenges in the relationship between parsing alternatives and feature values   and in computing feature expectations.
2	That AONs are a promising therapeutic tool was recently shown in phase I and phase I/II clinical trials in DMD  .
1	The parameters, j, were trained using minimum error rate training   to maximise the BLEU score   on a 150 sentence development set.
1	In class-based n-gram modeling   for example, classbased n-grams are used to determine the probability of occurrence of a POS class, given its preceding classes, and the probability of a particular word, given its own POS class.
1	The decoding process is very similar to those described in  : It starts from an initial empty hypothesis.
1	he original intention of assignment 2 was that students then use this maxent classifier as a building block of a maxent part-of-speech tagger like that of Ratnaparkhi  
1	At each training-set size, a new copy of the network is trained under each of the following conditions:   using SULU,   using SULU but supplying only the labeled training examples to synthesize,   standard network training,   using a re-implementation of an algorithm proposed by Yarowsky  , and   using standard network training but with all training examples labeled to establish an upper bound.
1	Research in the field of unsupervised and weakly supervised parsing ranges from various forms of EM training   over bootstrapping approaches like selftraining   to feature-based enhancements of discriminative reranking models   and the application of semisupervised SVMs  .
1	2 The METEOR Metric 2.1 Weaknesses in BLEU Addressed in METEOR The main principle behind IBMs BLEU metric   is the measurement of the 66 overlap in unigrams   and higher order n-grams of words, between a translation being evaluated and a set of one or more reference translations.
1	1 Introduction on measures for inter-rater reliability  , on frameworks for evaluating spoken dialogue agents   and on the use of different corpora in the development of a particular system (The Carnegie-Mellon Communicator, Eskenazi et al.
1	Klein and Manning   argue that these results show a pattern where discriminative probability models are inferior to generative probability models, but that improvements can be achieved by keeping a generative probability model and training according to a discriminative optimization criteria.
1	We use the distributed training and application infrastructure described in   with modifications to allow the training of predictive class-based models and their application in the decoder of the machine translation system.
1	the Wall Street Journal   sections of the Penn Treebank   as training set, tests on BROWN Sections typically result in a 6-8% drop in labeled attachment scores, although the average sentence length is much shorter in BROWN than that in WSJ.
1	Tuning was done using Maximum BLEU hill-climbing  .
1	The hypothesis scores and tuning are identical to the setup used in  .
1	In our future work, we intend to adopt a looser filter together with an anaphoricity determination module  .
1	he research presented in this paper is similar in motivation to Resnik's   work on selectional restrictions
1	Starting from the parallel training corpus, provided with direct and inverted alignments, the socalled union alignment   is computed.
1	In the similaritybased approaches  , rather than a class, each word is modelled by its own set of similar words derived from statistical data collected from corpora.
1	However, in the coarse-grained task, the sense inventory was first clustered semi-automatically with each cluster representing an equivalence class over senses  .
1	The set of such ITG alignments,AITG, are a strict subset of A1-1  .
1	In particular, knowing a little about the structure of a language can help in developing annotated corpora and tools, since a little knowledge can go a long way in inducing accurate structure and annotations  .
1	On the other hand, Kazama and Torisawa   extracted hyponymy relations, which are independent of the NE categories, from Wikipedia and utilized it as a gazetteer.
2	Additionally, magnetic fields   have proven to be efficient in obtaining bigger and higher-quality protein single crystals for X-ray crystallography.
1	When alignment quality stops increasing on the discriminative training set, perceptron training ends.10 The weight vector returned by perceptron training is the average over the training set of all weight vectors seen during all iterations; averaging reduces overfitting on the training set  .
1	The intuition is that the produced clusters will be less sense-conflating than those produced by other graph-based approaches, since collocations provide strong and consistent clues to the senses of a target word  .
1	For tuning of the decoders parameters, including the language model weight, minimum error training   with respect to the BLEU score using was conducted using the development corpus.
1	The usual Chinese NLP architecture first preprocesses input text through a word segmentation module  , but, clearly, bilingual parsing will be hampered by any errors arising from segmentation ambiguities that could not be resolved in the isolated monolingual context because even if the Chinese segmentation is acceptable monolingually, it may not agree with the words present in the English sentence.
1	Two LUs close in the space are likely to be in a paradigmatic relation, i.e. to be close in a is-a hierarchy  .
2	For example, the efficient algorithm implemented in GCTA   uses the restricted maximum likelihood   method to estimate σ 2g and σ 2 under the null model while the GRM K was estimated from all the SNPs.
1	Recall that the log likelihood of our model is:  d parenleftBigg Lorig  i  2 2 2d parenrightBigg  i  2 2 2 We now introduce a new variable d = d , and plug it into the equation for log likelihood:  d parenleftBigg Lorig  i  2 2 2d parenrightBigg  i  2 2 2 The result is the model of  , where the d are the domain-specific feature weights, and d are the domain-independent feature weights.
1	Following  , we used the version 11a NIST BLEU script with its default settings to calculate the BLEU scores   based on case-insensitive ngram matching, where n is up to 4.
1	A very common case of this in the CoNLL dataset is that of documents containing references to both The China Daily, a newspaper, and China, the country  .
1	While early head-lexicalized grammars restricted the fragments to the locality of headwords  , later models showed the importance of including context from higher nodes in the tree  .
2	We report on ROUGE-1  , ROUGE-2  , ROUGE W-1.2  , and ROUGE-S*   as they appear to correlate well with human judgments for longer multi-document summaries, particularly ROUGE-1  .
1	We use a tagger based on Adwait Ratnaparkhi's method  .
1	In our Machine %'anslation system, transfer rules are generated automatically from parsed parallel text along the lines of  .
2	METEOR was chosen since, unlike the more commonly used BLEU metric  , it provides reasonably reliable scores for individual sentences.
1	157 ena or the linguist's abstraction capabilities  , they tend to reach a 95-97% accuracy in the analysis of several languages, in particular English  .
1	These methods often involve using a statistic such as 2   or the log likelihood ratio   to create a score to measure the strength of correlation between source and target words.
2	The BLEU metric   and the closely related NIST metric   along with WER and PER 48 have been widely used by many machine translation researchers.
1	In our approach, we take into account both the relative positions of the nearby context words as well as the mutual information   associated with the occurrence of a particular context word.
1	17 Citation Observed data Hidden data Collins   Treebank tree with head child annotated on each nonterminal No hidden data
0	Section 5 presents an error analysis for Collinss   lexicalized model, which shows that the head-head dependencies used in this model fail to cope well with the flat structures in Negra.
1	he algorithm proposed by Turney   is labeled as Turney-PairClass
1	ollins   proposed the perceptron as an alternative to the CRF method for HMM-style taggers
1	ROUGE-L   This measure evaluates summaries by longest common subsequence   defined by Equation 4.
2	We can credit DUC with the emergence of automatic methods for evaluation such as ROUGE   which allow quick measurement of systems during development and enable evaluation of larger amounts of data.
2	effective to provide the useful information of insulator performance  , wavelet transform is conducted to extract these components for the analysis.
1	All the feature weights   were trained using our implementation of Minimum Error Rate Training  .
1	Following Hatzivassiloglou and McKeown   and Turney  , we decided to observe how often the words from the headline co-occur with each one of the six emotions.
1	In addition to the manual alignment supplied with these data, we create an automatic word alignment for them using GIZA++   and the grow-diagfinal   symmetrization algorithm  .
1	1.2 From Synchronous to Quasi-Synchronous Grammars Because our approach will let anything align to anything, it is reminiscent of IBM Models 15  .
1	3 Maximum Entropy ME models implement the intuition that the best model is the one that is consistent with the set of constraints imposed by the evidence, but otherwise is as uniform as possible  .
1	Recent work on the automatic acquisition of multilingual LFG resources from treebanks for Chinese, German and Spanish   has shown that given a suitable treebank, it is possible to automatically acquire high quality LFG resources in a very short space of time.
1	2 Perceptron Algorithm for Sequence Labeling Collins   proposed an extension of the perceptron algorithm   to sequence labeling.
2	The methodology is primarily influenced by the Grounded Theory approach, which has been used successfully in previous studies  .
1	BLEU: Automatic evaluation by BLEU score  .
1	Like the data used by  , this data was retagged by the Brill tagger in order to obtain realistic part-of-speech   tags 3.
1	Features that consider only target-side syntax and words without considering s can be seen as syntactic language model features  .
1	Generation of paraphrase examples was also investigated  .
1	In fact, we still have a question as to whether SS-CRF-MER is really scalable in practical time for such a large amount of unlabeled data as used in our experiments, which is about 680 times larger than that of  .
1	7However, the algorithms shares many common points with iterative algorithm that are known to converge and that have been proposed to find maximum entropy probability distributions under a set of constraints  .
1	uch an approach contrasts with the log-linear HMM/Model-4 combination proposed by Och and Ney  
1	A first family of libraries was based on a word alignment A, produced using the Refined method described in    : we call these the A libraries.
2	The validate the effectiveness of the proposed Sr-UDFS, we compare it with several state-of-the-art unsupervised feature selection methods, which includes LapScore  , SPFS  , UDFS  , MCFS  , RUFS  , and JELSR  .
1	Automatically determining the degree of antonymy between words has many uses including detecting and generating paraphrases   and detecting contradictions    .
2	With the availability of large natural language corpora annotated for syntactic structure, the treebanks, e.g.,  , automatic grammar extraction became possible  .
1	In  , the use of a word graph is proposed as interface between an alignment-template SMT model and the IMT engine.
2	In this way, Wikipedia provides a new very large source of annotated data, constantly expanded  .
1	Sentiment classification at the sentence-level has also been studied  .
1	We then train word alignment models   using 6 Model-1 iterations and 6 HMM iterations.
1	1 Introduction Motivation: Sharing basic intuitions and longterm goals with other tasks within the area of Webbased information extraction  , the task of acquiring class attributes relies on unstructured text available on the Web, as a data source for extracting generally-useful knowledge.
1	1 Introduction Since the creation of BLEU   and NIST  , the subject of automatic evaluation metrics for MT has been given quite a lot of attention.
1	Different models have been presented in the literature, see for instance  .
1	The association relationship between two words can be indicated by their mutual information, which can be further used to discover phrases \ .
1	An important aspect of web search is to be able to narrow down search results by distinguishing among people with the same name leading to multiple efforts focusing on web person name disambiguation in the literature  .
1	Banko and Etzioni   studied open domain relation extraction, for which they manually identified several common relation patterns.
1	Then, we used the refinement technique grow-diag-final-and   to all 50  50 bidirectional alignment pairs.
1	Model performance is evaluated using the standard BLEU metric   which measures average n-gram precision, n 4, and we use the NIST definition of the brevity penalty for multiple reference test sets.
2	vinifera   that have been successfully used in gene transfer experiments.
1	3 Maximum Entropy Classifier For local classifiers, we used a maximum entropy model which is a common choice for incorporating various types of features for classification problems in natural language processing  .
1	The f are trained using a held-out corpus using maximum BLEU training  .
1	Using our WSD model to constrain the translation candidates given to the decoder hurts translation quality, as measured by the automated BLEU metric  .
1	Intercoder reliability was assessed using Cohen's Kappa statistic    .
1	This way of creating classified data is similar to that in  .
1	This wrong translation of content words is similar to the incorrect omission reported in  , which both hurt translation adequacy.
1	Domain adaptation deals with these feature distribution changes  .
1	  and  , the specific technique we used by means of a context language model is rather different.
0	These strategies are the current standard for prevalence estimation, but require laboratory infrastructure, trained personnel for slide preparation and interpretation, lack adequate sensitivity to detect low intensity infections, and are time- and resourceintensive  .
1	Yarowsky  , Mihalcea and Moldovan  , and Mihalcea   have made further research to obtain large corpus of higher quality from an initial seed corpus.
1	As an overall decoding performance measure, we used the BLEU metric  .
1	Regarding error detection in corpora, Ratnaparkhi   discusses inconsistencies in the Penn Treebank and relates them to interannotator differences in tagging style.
1	Second, movie reviews are apparently harder to classify than reviews of other products  .
1	Figure 1  shows several orders of the sentence which violate this constraint.1 Previous studies have shown that if both the source and target dependency trees represent linguistic constituency, the alignment between subtrees in the two languages is very complex  .
2	Although we have argued   that this is unlikely to succeed, to our knowledge, we are the first to investigate the matter empirically.11 The best-known MT aligner is undoubtedly GIZA++  , which contains implementations of various IBM models  , as well as the HMM model of Vogel et al.
2	Cowan et al.   calculated PD interval by counting HUES-7 periodically over 7 days without passaging, while Amit et al.   achieved efficient separation of H-9 and feeders by exploiting the tolerance of this line to collagenase-passaging on low density MEFs.
1	Given a contextual word cw that occurs in the paragraphs of bc, a log-likelihood ratio   test is employed  , which checks if the distribution of cw in bc is similar to the distribution of cw in rc; p  = p   .
1	1 Introduction Most of the current work in statistical machine translation builds on word replacement models developed at IBM in the early 1990s  .
2	1 Introduction One of the major approaches to disambiguate word senses is supervised learning  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .
1	Aligning tokens in parallel sentences using the IBM Models  ,   may require less information than full-blown translation since the task is constrained by the source and target tokens present in each sentence pair.
1	To address this issue, many syntax-based approaches   tend to integrate more syntactic information to enhance the non-contiguous phrase modeling.
1	On the other hand, structural annotation such as that used in syntactic treebanks   assigns a syntactic category to a contiguous sequence of corpus positions.
1	This sort of problem can be solved in principle by conditional variants of the Expectation-Maximization algorithm  .
1	The Powells algorithm used in this work is similar as the one from   but we modi ed the line optimization codes, a subroutine of Powells algorithm, with reference to  .
1	This paper explores an alternative approach to parsing, based on the perceptron training algorithm introduced in Collins  .
1	The list is obtained by first extracting the phrases with -TMP function tags from the PennTree bank, and taking the words in these phrases  .
1	We then built separate English-to-Spanish and Spanish-to-English directed word alignments using IBM model 4  , combined them using the intersect+grow heuristic  , and extracted phrase-level translation pairs of maximum length 7 using the alignment template approach  .
1	GIZA++ toolkit   is used to perform word alignment in both directions with default settings, and the intersect-diag-grow method is used to generate symmetric word alignment refinement.
1	Automatically Learning Entailment Rules from the Web Many algorithms for automatically learning paraphrases and entailment rules have been explored in recent years  .
1	ollins and Roark   present an incremental perceptron algorithm for parsing that uses early update to update the parameters when an error is encountered
0	 , whose training corpus for the noun drug was 9 times bigger than that of Karov and Edelman, reports 91.4% correct performance improved to impressive 93.9% when using the ""one sense per discourse"" constraint.
1	Another technique used was to filter sentences of the out-of-domain corpus based on their similarity to the target domain, as predicted by a classifier  .
1	In the geometric interpolation above, the weight n controls the relative veto power of the n-gram approximation and can be tuned using MERT   or a minimum risk procedure  .
2	One major focus is sentiment classification and opinion mining     2008.
0	the additional foreground 1SVMs help our algorithm remembering the detected foreground appearance, and as a result, lead to better performance than previous work using only local background models such as  .
1	More specifically, two recent works have suggested to use statistical data on lexical relations for resolving ambiguity cases of PP-attachment   and pronoun references  .
1	we use k = 50 and obtain our thesaurus using the distributional similarity metric described by Lin  
1	Finally, we compare against the mapping from WordNet to the Oxford English Dictionary constructed in  , equivalent to clustering based solely on the OED feature.
2	Recent work emphasizes corpus-based unsupervised approach   that avoids the need for costly truthed training data.
1	10Both Pharoah and our system have weights trained using MERT   on sentences of length 30 words or less, to ensure that training and test conditions are matched.
1	In particular, previous work   has investigated the use of Markov random fields   or log-linear models as probabilistic models with global features for parsing and other NLP tasks.
1	1 Introduction and Motivation Parse selection constitutes an important part of many parsing systems  .
1	Assuming that the corpusbased error count for some translations eS1 is additively decomposable into the error counts of the individual sentences, i.e., ED4rS1 ,eS1D5 AG EWSs AG1 ED4rs,esD5,the MERT criterion is given as: M1 AG argmin M1 AZ S F4 sAG1 EA0rs,eD4fs;M1 D5A8 B7   AG argmin M1 AZ S F4 sAG1 K F4 kAG1 ED4rs,es,kD5A0eD4fs;M1 D5,es,kA8 B7 with e D4fs;M1 D5 AG argmaxe AZ M F4 mAG1 mhmD4e,fsD5 B7   In  , it was shown that linear models can effectively be trained under the MERT criterion using a special line optimization algorithm.
1	The first one is a hypotheses testing approach   while the second one is closer to a model estimating approach  .
1	For instance, we may find metrics which compute similarities over shallow syntactic structures/sequences  , constituency trees   and dependency trees  .
1	We used minimum error rate training   and the A* beam search decoder implemented by Koehn  .
1	4.1 Applications to phrase-based SMT Aphrase-basedtranslationmodelcanbeestimated in two stages: first a parallel corpus is aligned at the word-level and then phrase pairs are extracted  .
1	8 Conclusions In this paper, we developed probability models for the multi-level transfer rules presented in  , showed how to acquire larger rules that crucially condition on more syntactic context, and how to pack multiple derivations, including interpretations of unaligned words, into derivation forests.
1	255 Meteor  , Precision and Recall  , and other such automatic metrics may also be affected to a greater or lesser degree because they are all quite rough measures of translation similarity, and have inexact models of allowable variation in translation.
1	ur POS tagger is essentially the maximum entropy tagger by Ratnaparkhi   retrained on the CTB-I data
1	The natural next step in sentence alignment is to account for word ordering in the translation model, e.g., the models described in   could be used.
1	While bound compositions are not predictable, i.e., their reasonableness cannot be derived from the syntactic and semantic properties of the words in them .
1	A few unsupervised metrics have been applied to automatic paraphrase identification and extraction  .
2	he default training set of Penn Treebank   was used for the parser because the domain and style of those texts actually matches fairly well with the domain and style of the texts on which a reading level predictor for second language learners might be used
1	While choosing an optimum window size for an application is often subject to trial and error, there are some generally recognized trade-offs between small versus large windows, such as the impact of data-sparseness, and the nature of the associations retrieved   Measures based on distance between words in the text.
1	Machine learning methods should be interchangeable: Transformation-based learning     and Memory-based learning     have been applied to many different problems, so a single interchangeable component should be used to represent each method.
1	5.2 Evaluation Metrics The commonly used criteria to evaluate the translation results in the machine translation community are: WER  , PER  , BLEU  , and NIST  .
1	2 Inside-out alignments Wu   identified so-called inside-out alignments, two alignment configurations that cannot be induced by binary synchronous context-free grammars; these alignment configurations, while infrequent in language pairs such as EnglishFrench  , have been argued to be frequent in other language pairs, incl.
1	The learning algorithm used for each stage of the classification task is a regularized variant of the structured Perceptron  .
2	The efficient block alignment algorithm in Section 4 is related to the inversion transduction grammar approach to bilingual parsing described in  : in both cases the number of alignments is drastically reduced by introducing appropriate re-ordering restrictions.
2	3 Candidates extraction on Suffix array Suffix array    is a compact data structure to handle arbitrary-length strings and performs much powerful on-line string search operations such as the ones supported by PAT-tree, but has less space overhead.
1	The traditional framework presented in   assumes a generative process where the source sentence is passed through a noisy stochastic process to produce the target sentence.
1	While we can only compare class models with word models on the largest training set, for this training set model M outperforms the baseline Katzsmoothed word trigram model by 1.9% absolute.6 4 Domain Adaptation In this section, we introduce another heuristic for improving exponential models and show how this heuristic can be used to motivate a regularized version of minimum discrimination information   models  .
1	However, developing the PDTB may help facilitate the production of more such corpora, through an initial pass of automatic annotation, followed by manual correction, much as was done in developing the PTB  .)
1	To date, researchers have harvested, with varying success, several resources, including concept lists  , topic signatures  , facts  , and word similarity lists  .
1	We used the procedure described in Rapp  , with the only modification being the multiplication of the loglikelihood values with a triangular function that depends on the logarithm of a words frequency.
1	Other researchers  ,   use clustering techniques coupled with syntactic dependency features to identify IS-A relations in large text collections.
2	Tighter integration of semantics into the parsing models, possibly in the form of discriminative reranking models  , is a promising way forward in this regard.
2	3 Probabilistic Parsing Models 3.1 Probabilistic Context-Free Grammars Lexicalization has been shown to improve parsing performance for the Penn Treebank  .
1	Metrics in the Rouge family allow for skip n-grams  ; Kauchak and Barzilay   take paraphrasing into account; metrics such as METEOR   and GTM   calculate both recall and precision; METEOR is also similar to SIA   in that word class information is used.
1	We consider three learning algorithms, namely, the C4.5 decision tree induction system  , the RIPPER rule learning algorithm  , and maximum entropy classification  .
1	Two error rates: the sentence error rate   and the word error rate   that we seek to minimize, and BLEU  , that we seek to maximize.
1	In Turneys work, the co-occurrence is considered as the appearance in the same window  .
1	Evaluation 8.1 Effects of Unpublished Details In this section we present the results of effectively doing a clean-room implementation of Collins parsing model, that is, using only information available in  , as shown in Table 4.
2	The PSO algorithm provides good results using population size between 20 and 100  .
1	Past work   has examined the use of monolingual parallel corpora for paraphrase extraction.
1	The underlying formalisms used has been quite broad and include simple formalisms such as ITGs  , hierarchicalsynchronousrules , string to tree models by   and  , synchronous CFG models such    , synchronous Lexical Functional Grammar inspired approaches   and others.
1	A simpler, related idea of penalizing distortion from some ideal matching pattern can be found in the statistical translation   and word alignment   models.
1	Following extraction, O-CRF applies the RESOLVER algorithm   to find relation synonyms, the various ways in which a relation is expressed in text.
2	Similarly, Structural Correspondence Learning   has proven to be successful for the two tasks examined, PoS tagging and Sentiment Classification.
1	We evaluated the translation quality using case-insensitive BLEU metric  .
1	Our approach differs in important ways from the use of hidden Markov models   for classbased language modeling  .
1	Some stem from work on graphical models,includingloopybeliefpropagation , Gibbs sampling  , sequential Monte Carlo methods such as particle filtering  , and variational inference  .
1	In addition, since word senses are often associated with domains  , word senses can be consequently distinguished by way of determining the domain of each description.
0	However, their decoder is outperformed by phrase-based decoders such as  ,  , and  .
1	The models are trained using the Margin Infused Relaxed Algorithm or MIRA   instead of the standard minimum-error-rate training or MERT algorithm  .
2	Among these methods, CRFs is the most common technique used in NLP and has been successfully applied to Part-of-Speech Tagging  , Named-Entity Recognition   and shallow parsing  .
1	Mean number of instances of paraphrase phenomena per sentence  .
1	Performance of Alternative Models 157 5 Related Work Previous parsing models   maximize the joint probability P  of a sentence S and its parse tree T. We maximize the conditional probability P .
1	After parsing the corpus  , we artificially introduced verb form errors into these sentences, and observed the resulting disturbances to the parse trees.
1	A standard solution is to use a weighted linear mixture of N-gram models, 1  n  N,  .
1	Some statistical model to estimate the part of speech of unknown words from the case of the first letter and the prefix and suffix is proposed  .
0	In the year 2010 the US Census Bureau replaced the long form with the American Community Survey, which uses different data collection methods and is substantially less accurate than the previous decennial censuses  .
1	Binarizing the syntax trees for syntax-based machine translation is similar in spirit to generalizing parsing models via markovization  .
1	We also test our language model using leave-one-out cross-validation on the Penn Treebank    , giving us 86.74% accuracy  .
2	Another widely used discriminative method is the perceptron algorithm  , which achieves comparable performance to CRFs with much faster training, so we base this work on the perceptron.
1	5.2 Pseudo-Disambiguation Task Pseudo-disambiguation tasks have become a standard evaluation technique   and, in the current setting, we may use a nouns neighbors to decide which of two co-occurrences is the most likely.
1	Marcu and Echihabi   use a pattern-based approach in mining instances of RSRs such as Contrast and Elaboration from large, unannotated corpora.
1	Previous approaches, e.g.,   and  , have all used the Brown algorithm for clustering  .
2	Discriminative taggers and chunkers have been the state-of-the-art for more than a decade  .
2	Successful discriminative parsers have used generative models to reduce training time and raise accuracy above generative baselines  .
1	ine 4 and 5 are similar to the phrase extraction algorithm by Och  
1	We also plan to explore other types of reranking features, such as the features used in semantic role labeling    , like the path between a target predicate and its argument, and kernel methods  .
1	For comparison purposes, we consider two different algorithms for our AnswerExtraction module: one that does not bridge the lexical chasm, based on N-gram cooccurrences between the question terms and the answer terms; and one that attempts to bridge the lexical chasm using Statistical Machine Translation inspired techniques   in order to find the best answer for a given question.
1	oward a Task-based Gold Standard for Evaluation of NP Chunks and Technical Terms Nina Wacholder Rutgers University nina@scils.rutgers.edu Peng Song Rutgers University psong@paul.rutgers.edu Abstract We propose a gold standard for evaluating two types of information extraction output -noun phrase   chunks   and technical terms  
1	They are part of an effort to better integrate a linguistic, rule-based system and the statistical correcting layer also illustrated in  .
2	First of all, the percentage of parents‚Äö√Ñ√¥ positive attitudes towards vaccinations was exceptionally high compared with other similar studies  .
2	For instance, mutual information   and the log-likelihood   methods for extracting word bigrams have been widely used.
1	Stage 2 processing is then free to assign to the compound any bracketing for which it 3The design of this level of Lucy is influenced by Hobbs  , which advocates a level of ""surfaey"" logical form with predicates close to actual English words and a structure similar to the syntactic structure of the sentence.
1	To make this paper comparable to  , we use English-French notation in this section.
1	We also use minimum error-rate training   to tune our feature weights.
1	Following  , we used sections 0-18 of the Wall Street Journal   corpus for training, sections 19-21 for development, and sections 22-24 for final evaluation.
1	ag test data using the POS-tagger described in Ratnaparkhi  
1	Method Source Spearman   Wikipedia 0.190.48   WordNet 0.330.35   Rogets 0.55   WordNet 0.55   Web corpus, WN 0.56   ODP 0.65   Wikipedia 0.75 SVM Web corpus, WN 0.78 Table 9: Comparison with previous work for WordSim353.
1	For this paper, we use an exact inference   CYK parser, using a simple probabilistic context-free grammar   induced from the Penn WSJ Treebank  .
1	otice that most in-context and dictionary translations of source words are bounded within the same category in a typical thesaurus such as the LLOCE   and CILIN  
1	Unlike  , one interesting idea proposed by   is to cluster similar pairs of paraphrases to apply multiplesequence alignment.
1	While these are based on a relatively few number of items, and while we have not performed any tests to determine whether the differences in ? are statistically significant, the results 7The Czech-English conditions were excluded since there were so few systems 146 are nevertheless interesting, since three metrics have higher correlation than Bleu: ??Semantic role overlap  , which makes its debut in the proceedings of this workshop ??ParaEval measuring recall  , which has a model of allowable variation in translation that uses automatically generated paraphrases   ??Meteor   which also allows variation by introducing synonyms and by flexibly matches words using stemming.
2	We use the popular online learning algorithm of structured perceptron with parameter averaging  .
1	This technique is called system combination  .
1	The recent emphasis on improving these components of a translation system   is likely due in part to the widespread availability of NLP tools for the language that is most frequently the target: English.
1	It combines online Peceptron learning   with a parsing model based on the Eisner algorithm  , extended so as to jointly assign syntactic and semantic labels.
1	Thus, some research has been focused on deriving different word-sense groupings to overcome the finegrained distinctions of WN  ,  ,  ,  ,   and  .
1	2 Related Work Starting with the IBM models  , researchers have developed various statistical word alignment systems based on different models, such as hidden Markov models    , log-linear models  , and similarity-based heuristic methods  .
1	Examples include Wus   ITG and Chiangs hierarchical models  .
1	The third baseline, COMP is the document compression system developed by Daume III and Marcu  , which compresses documents by cutting out constituents in a combined syntax and discourse tree.
1	Our approach is based on earlier work on LFG semantic form extraction   and recent progress in automatically annotating the Penn-II and Penn-III Treebanks with LFG f-structures  .
2	For instance, changing the training procedure for word alignment models turned out to be most beneficial; for details see  .
1	2.2 A Perceptron-Based Edit Model In this section we present a general-purpose extension of perceptron training for sequence labeling, due to Collins  , to the problem of sequence alignment.
1	Unfortunately, determining the optimal segmentation is challenging, typically requiring extensive experimentation  .
2	For the current work, the Log-likelihood coefficient has been employed  , as it is reported to perform well among other scoring methods  .
0	While this heuristic estimator gives good empirical results, it does not seem to optimize any intuitively reasonable objective function of the   parallel corpus  ) The mounting number of efforts attacking this problem over the last few years   exhibits its difficulty.
2	Although the Kappa coefficient has a number of advantages over percentage agreement   for details), we also report percentage agreement as it allows us to compare straightforwardly the human performance and the automatic methods described below, whose performance will also be reported in terms of percentage agreement.
1	In order to generate a value for each target-side factor, we use a sequence of mapping steps similar to Koehn and Hoang  .
1	Method dev test Finkel et al. , 2005   baseline CRF 85.51 + non-local features 86.86 Krishnan and Manning, 2006   baseline CRF 85.29 + non-local features 87.24 Table 5: Summary of performance with POS/chunk tags by TagChunk.
1	For comparison, we use the MT training program, GIZA++  , the phrase-base decoder, Pharaoh  , and the wordbased decoder, Rewrite  .
1	These include cube pruning  , cube growing  , early pruning  , closing spans  , coarse-to-fine methods  , pervasive laziness  , and many more.
1	Accurate measurement of semantic similarity between lexical units such as words or phrases is important for numerous tasks in natural language processing such as word sense disambiguation  , synonym extraction  , and automatic thesauri generation  .
2	Recent advanced templatebased approach   and new approaches with R2* to HU conversion   and zero-echotime   show similar results to our approach and/or great potential for further improvement of MR-AC.
1	ore details on the different parameter settings and instance selection algorithms as well as trends in the performance of different settings can be found in Stoyanov and Cardie  
1	Maximum Entropy models have been used to express the interactions among multiple feature variables  ), but within this framework no systematic study of interactions has been proposed.
1	Models of this kind assume that an input word is generated by only one output word  .
2	Models that can handle non-independent lexical features have given very good results both for part-of-speech and structural disambiguation  .
0	At the same time, we believe our method has advantages over the approach developed initially at IBM   for training translation systems automatically.
1	Such metrics have been introduced in other fields, including PARADISE   for spoken dialogue systems, BLEU   for machine translation,1 and ROUGE   for summarisation.
2	meningitidis serogroup C   glycoconjugate vaccine in the UK reduced not only the disease caused by this serogroup, but also its carriage rate  .
2	To solve this problem, we adopt an idea one sense per collocation which was introduced in word sense disambiguation research  .
2	In addition to tf.idf scores, Hulth   uses part-of-speech tags and NP chunks and complements this with machine learning; the latter has been used to good results in similar cases  .
1	One prominent constraint of the IBM word alignment models   is functional alignment, that is each target word is mapped onto at most one source word.
1	  1 Introduction Dependency grammar has a long tradition in syntactic theory, dating back to at least Tesni~re's work from the thirties3 Recently, it has gained renewed attention as empirical methods in parsing are discovering the importance of relations between words  ), which is what dependency grammars model explicitly do, but context-free phrasestructure grammars do not.
2	The ATTM attempts to overcome the deficiencies of word-to-word translation models   through the use of phrasal translations.
1	Conditional probability, the log-likelihood ratio, and Resnik's   selectional association measure were also significantly correlated with plausibility ratings.
2	Let us note that co-occurrence is nowadays a common method to find a relationship between biomedical concepts; co-occurrence methods are commonly used to discover new and hidden relations, following the seminal work of Swanson  .
2	It could be shown that such methods, of which BLEU   is the most common, can deliver evaluation results that show a high agreement with human judgments  .
0	This latter point is a critical difference that contrasts to the major weakness of the work of   which uses a top-N list of translations to select the maximum BLEU sentence as a target for training  .
1	3.4 Perspectives for automatic paraphrase extraction There is a growing amount of work on automatic extraction of paraphrases from text corpora  .
2	The subjects’ usual diet before diagnosis for cases or hospital admission for controls was estimated through a satisfactorily reproducible   food frequency questionnaire  .
1	There are cases, though, where the labels consist of several related, but not entirely correlated, properties; examples include mention detectionthe task we are interested in, syntactic parsing with functional tag assignment  ), and, to a lesser extent, part-of-speech tagging in highly inflected languages.4 The particular type of mention detection that we are examining in this paper follows the ACE general definition: each mention in the text   is assigned three types of information:5  An entity type, describing the type of the entity it points to    An entity subtype, further detailing the type    A mention type, specifying the way the entity is realized  a mention can be named  , nominal  , or pronominal  .
1	The first two phases are approached as straightforward classification in a maximum entropy framework  .
2	Indeed, recent work has shown that benefits can be made by first separating facts from opinions in a document  ) and classifying the polarity based solely on the subjective portions of the document  ).
1	oehn and Hoang   present Factored Translation Models as an extension to phrase-based statistical machine translation models
2	We have also implemented two well-known information retrieval metrics, namely, Precision@K and NDCG  , to evaluate the overall performance of the event detection task.
1	As reported previously, the standard left-corner grmninar embeds sufficient non-local infornlation in its productions to significantly improve the labelled precision and recall of its MLPs with respect to MLPs of the PCFG estimated from the untransfornmd trees  .
1	2.3 Previous Randomized LMs Recent work   has used lossy encodings based on Bloom filters   to represent logarithmically quantized corpus statistics for language modeling.
1	ROUGE   is a set of recall-based criteria that is mainly used for evaluating summarization tasks.
1	If the alignments are not available, they can be automatically generated; e.g., using GIZA++  .
1	Following the broad shift in the field from finite state transducers to grammar transducers  , recent approaches to phrase-based alignment have used synchronous grammar formalisms permitting polynomial time inference  .
1	imilarities are captured from different viewpoints: DP-HWC -l This metric corresponds to the HWC metric presented by Liu and Gildea  
1	2.2 Closed Challenge Setting The organization provided training, development and test sets derived from the standard sections of the Penn TreeBank   and PropBank   corpora.
1	Uses Maximum Entropy   classification, trained on JNLPBA    .
1	In  , the authors proposed a method to integrate the IBM translation model 2   with an ASR system.
1	Minimum-error-rate training   are conducted on dev-set to optimize feature weights maximizing the BLEU score up to 4grams, and the obtained feature weights are blindly applied on the test-set.
2	Turney also reported good result without domain customization  .
1	We run Maximum BLEU   for 25 iterations individually for each system.
1	The piecewise linearity observation made in   is no longer applicable since we cannot move the log operation into the expected value.
1	We evaluate its performance on the standard Penn English Treebank   dependency parsing task, i.e., train on sections 02-21 and test on section 23 with automatically assigned POS tags   using a tagger similar to Collins  , and using the headrules of Yamada and Matsumoto   for conversion into dependency trees.
1	Hindle and Rooth   and Church and Hanks   used partial parses generated by Fidditch to study word ~urrt.nc patterns m syntactic contexts
1	We observe that the tagging method exploits the one sense per collocation property  , which means that WSD based on collocations is probably finer than WSD based on simple words, since ambiguity is reduced  .
1	Many authors claim that class-based methods are more robust against data sparseness problems  ,  ,  .
1	We used a bottom-up, CKY-style decoder that works with binary xRs rules obtained via a synchronous binarization procedure  .
1	notable exception is the work of Kim and Hovy  
1	2.4 METEOR Given a pair of strings to compare  , METEOR   first creates a word alignment between the two strings.
2	Currently, the best-performing English NP interpretation methods in computational linguistics focus mostly on two consecutive noun instances   and are either   supervised, knowledge-intensive  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , or use statistical models on large collections of unlabeled data  ,  ,  ,  .
2	2 Related Work The popular IBM models for statistical machine translation are described in   and the HMM-based alignment model was introduced in  .
1	These findings are somehow surprising since it was eventually believed by the community that adding large amounts of bitexts should improve the translation model, as it is usually observed for the language model  .
0	Previous reports have shown that the indiscriminate use of axillary ultrasound alone or in combination with fine needle aspiration or core biopsies in all breast cancer patients is not practical or cost-effective  .
1	String alignment with synchronous grammars is quite expensive even for simple synchronous formalisms like ITG  but Duchi et al.
2	Recent work by   shows a practically ef cient approach that binarizes linguistically SCFG rules when possible.
1	Since  , numerous works have used patterns for discovery and identification of instances of semantic relationships  ).
1	In the following experiments, the NIST BLEU score is used as the evaluation metric  , which is reported as a percentage in the following sections.
1	Various learning models have been studied such as Hidden Markov models    , decision trees   and maximum entropy models  .
1	This source is very important for repairs that do not have initial retracing, and is the mainstay of the ""parser-first"" approach  --keep trying alternative corrections until one of them parses.
1	Comparison With Previous Work Most of the recent corpus-based POS taggers in the literature are either statistically based, and use Markov Model  or Statistical Decision Tree   techniques, or are primarily rule based, such as Drill's Transformation Based Learner  .
1	Second, in keeping with ontological promiscuity  , we represent the importance of attributes by the salience of events and states in the discourse model--these states and events now have the same status in the discourse model as any other entities.
1	t also contains tools for tuning these models using minimum error rate training   and evaluating the resulting translations using the BLEU score  
2	Therefore, we implemented the new method and compared it against a well established quadratic regularization method for unconstrained optimization introduced in  .
1	The automatic assessment of the translation quality has been carried out using the BiLingual Evaluation Understudy    , and the Translation Error Rate    .
1	As mentioned in Section 2.2, there are words which have two or more candidate POS tags in the PTB corpus  .
1	For instance, some approaches coarsely discriminate between biographical and non-biographical information  ,whileothersgobeyondbinary distinction by identifying atomic events  e.g., occupation and marital status  that are typically included in a biography  .
1	p and pt are feature weights set by performing minimum error rate training as described in Och  
1	he measure of predictiveness we employed is log likelihood ratio with respect to the target variable  
1	A single translation is then selected by finding the candidate that yields the best overall score   or by cotraining  .
2	The averaged version of the perceptron  , like the voted perceptron  , reduces the effect of over-training.
1	Furthermore, I plan to apply my parsers in other domains     besides treebank data, to investigate the effectiveness and generality of my approaches.
1	In order to capture the dependency relationship between lexcial heads Collins   breaks down the rules from head outwards, which prevents us from factorizing them in other ways.
0	It has the advantage of naturally capturing local reorderings and is shown to outperform word-based machine translation  .
1	Adaptations to the algorithms in the presence of ngram LMs are discussed in  .
1	4 Semantic Class Induction from Wikipedia Wikipedia has recently been used as a knowledge source for various language processing tasks, including taxonomy construction  , coreference resolution  , and English NER  , Cucerzan  , Kazama and Torisawa  , Watanabe et al.
1	However, such methods require the existence of either a parallel corpus/machine translation engine for projecting/translating annotations/lexica from a resource-rich language to the target language  , or a domain that is similar enough to the target domain  .
1	e-ranking 1 uses the score of the rst model as a feature in addition to the non-local features as in Collins  
1	In previous work  , we have reported some preliminary success in aligning the English and Japanese versions of the AWK manual  ), using charalign  , a method that looks for character sequences that are the same in both the source and target.
1	CISSOR is implemented by augmenting Collins   head-driven parsing model II to incorporate the generation of semantic labels on internal nodes
1	2 Bidirectional Dependency Networks When building probabilistic models for tag sequences, we often decompose the global probability of sequences using a directed graphical model   or a conditional Markov model    ).
1	Along similar lines,   combine a generative model of word alignment with a log-linear discriminative model trained on a small set of hand aligned sentences.
1	The mapping of answer terms to question terms is modeled using Black et al.s   simplest model, called IBM Model 1.
1	For BPM, we run 100 averaged perceptrons   with 10 iterations for each.
1	The results have demonstrated the existence of priming effects in corpus data: they occur for specific syntactic constructions  , consistent with the experimental literature, but also generalize to syntactic rules across the board, which repeated more often than expected by chance  .
1	Still, a confidence range for BLEU can be estimated by bootstrapping  .
1	To support this claim, first, we used the  coefficient   to assess the agreement between the classification made by FLSA and the classification from the corpora  see Table 8.
1	Since in these LVCs the complement is a predicative noun in stem form identical to a verb, we form development and test expressions by combining give or take with verbs from selected semantic classes of Levin  , taken from Stevenson et al.
1	The approach made use of a maximum entropy model   formulated from frequency information for various combinations of the observed features.
1	That is obtained using the Viterbi alignment provided by a translation model as described in  .
1	Finally, inducing lexical semantics from distributional data  ) is also a form of surface cueing.
1	It is also related to loglinear models for machine translation  .
2	An ideal scolicidal agent is define as being potent in low concentrations, acting in a short period time, being stable in cyst fluid, not affected by dilution with the cyst fluid, being able to kill the scolex in the cyst, being non-toxic, having low viscosity, and being readily available and easily prepared, as well as being inexpensive  .
2	1 Motivation Statistical part-of-speech disambiguation can be efficiently done with n-gram models  .
1	In the WSD work involving the use of context, we can find two approaches: one that uses few strong contextual evidences for disambiguation purposes, as exemplified by  ; and the other that uses weaker evidences but considers a combination of a number of them, as exemplified by  .
2	The combination is significantly better than   at a very high level, but more importantly, Shens results   have been significantly surpassed also by the semisupervised Morce  .
2	To speed our computations, we use the cube pruning method of Huang and Chiang   with a fixed beam size.
1	Semantic features are used for classifying entities into semantic types such as name of person, organization, or place, while syntactic features characterize the kinds of dependency 5It is worth noting that the present approach can be recast into one based on constraint relaxation  .
2	A type I T-cell gene signature that promotes both the generation and tumor infiltration of cytotoxic T cells has been shown to be associated with an improved clinical outcome in a variety of tumor types  .
2	Due to the positive correlation between the development of cancer and the upregulation of Src activity, SFKs inhibitors are emerging as a promising target for anticancer therapy  .
1	The proposed synchronous grammar is able to cover the previous proposed grammar based on tree   and tree sequence   alignment.
2	In the SHARE design, a single-item question on SRH was also included; this provides valuable information as subjective health has proved a good indicator of general health that predicts morbidity and mortality  .
1	4 Experiments and Results We use the standard corpus for this task, the Penn Treebank  .
1	For regularization purposes we adopt an average perceptron   which returns for each y, y = 1T summationtextTt=1 ty, the average of all weight vectors ty posited during training.
1	1998; Goldman and Zhou, 2000) that has been used previously to train classifiers in applications like word-sense disambiguation  , document classification   and named-entity recognition   and apply this method to the more complex domain of statistical parsing.
1	This approach allows to combine strengths of generality of context attributes as in n-gram models   with their specificity as for binary features in MaxEnt taggers  .
2	Including about 1.4 million sentence pairs extracted from the Gigaword data, we obtain a statistically significant improvement from 42.3 to 45.6 in BLEU  .
1	One judge annotated allarticles in four datasets of the Wall Street Journal Treebank corpus     as well as thecorpusofWall Street Journal articles used in    .
2	Nuclear transfer procedures are now widely used to overcome these problems  .
2	CMA yields significant rates of pathogenic or potentially pathogenic   results  .
1	We viewed the seed word as a classified sentence, following a similar proposal in Yarowsky  .
1	Maximum entropy   models have been used in bilingual sense disambiguation, word reordering, and sentence segmentation  , parsing, POS tagging and PP attachment  , machine translation  , and FrameNet classification  .
1	Because Daume III   views the adaptation as merely augmenting the feature space, each of his features has the same prior mean and variance, regardless of whether it is domain specific or independent.
1	Our model improves the baseline provided by  :   accuracy is increased by creating a lexicalised PCFG grammar and enriching conditioning context with parent f-structure features; and   coverage is increased by providing lexical smoothing and fuzzy matching techniques for rule smoothing.
1	2 Related Work There is a number of publications dealing with various automatic evaluation measures for machine translation output, some of them proposing new measures, some proposing improvements and extensions of the existing ones  .
1	These domains have been commonly used in prior work on summarization  .
1	Church and Hanks 1990; Klavans, Chodorow, and Wacholder 1990; Wilks et al. 1993; Smadja 1991a, 1991b; Calzolari and Bindi 1990).
1	1 minority report 2 box office 3 scooby doo 4 sixth sense 5 national guard 6 bourne identity 7 air national guard 8 united states 9 phantom menace 10 special effects 11 hotel room 12 comic book 13 blair witch project 14 short story 15 real life 16 jude law 17 iron giant 18 bin laden 19 black people 20 opening weekend 21 bad guy 22 country bears 23 mans man 24 long time 25 spoiler space 26 empire strikes back 27 top ten 28 politically correct 29 white people 30 tv show 31 bad guys 32 freddie prinze jr 33 monsters ball 34 good thing 35 evil minions 36 big screen 37 political correctness 38 martial arts 39 supreme court 40 beautiful mind Figure 7: Result of re-ranking output from the phrase extension module 6.4 Revisiting unigram informativeness An alternative approach to calculate informativeness from the foreground LM and the background LM is just to take the ratio of likelihood scores, a11 fga9a54a86 a15 a23 a11 bga9a54a86 a15 . This is a smoothed version of relative frequency ratio which is commonly used to find subject-specific terms  .
1	The techniques examined are Structural Correspondence Learning     and Self-training  .
1	However, they do not elaborate on how the comparisons are done, or on how effective the program is. Dolan   describes a heuristic approach to forming unlabeled clusters of closely related senses in an MRD.
1	When evaluated against the state-of-the-art, phrase-based decoder Pharaoh  , using the same experimental conditions  translation table trained on the FBIS corpus  , trigram language model trained on 155M words of English newswire, interpolation weights a65   trained using discriminative training    , probabilistic beam a90 set to 0.01, histogram beam a58 set to 10  and BLEU   as our metric, the WIDL-NGLM-Aa86 a129 algorithm produces translations that have a BLEU score of 0.2570, while Pharaoh translations have a BLEU score of 0.2635.
1	Perhaps this was not observed earlier since   studied only base NPs, most of which are short.
1	We report precision, recall and balanced F-measure  .
1	Much of the work in subjectivity analysis has been applied to English data, though work on other languages is growing: e.g., Japanese data are used in  , Chinese data are used in  , and German data are used in  .
1	Both systems rely on the OpenNlp maximum-entropy part-of-speech tagger and chunker  , but KNOWITALL applies them to pages downloaded from the Web based on the results of Google queries, whereas KNOWITNOW applies them once to crawled and indexed pages.6 Overall, each of the above elements of KNOWITALL and KNOWITNOW are the same to allow for controlled experiments.
2	4%, an enormous improvement compared to the Lumbini survey 1995 result that reported just 15%  .
2	For example, 10 million words of the American National Corpus   will have manually corrected POS tags, a tenfold increase over the Penn Treebank  , currently used for training POS taggers.
1	We report BLEU scores   on untokenized, recapitalized output.
1	The IBM models   search a version of permutation space with a one-to-many constraint.
0	Previous studies applying the Quadruple Process model to the IAT, however, have yielded equivocal results  .
2	The bigram translation probability relies on word context, known to be helpful in translation  , to improve the identification of target phrases.
1	In this paper we apply perceptron trained HMMs originally proposed in  .
1	ROUGE has been used in meeting summarization evaluation  , yet the question remained whether ROUGE is a good metric for the meeting domain.
1	The table in Figure 9 shows a comparison of different systems for which tagging accuracies have been reported previously for the 17-tagset case  .
2	Because of this ability to expand the proteome of cells, alternative splicing has represented a very useful and powerful tool that allows cells to execute the various expression programs which underlie many fundamental needs of higher organisms: from general needs such as controlling normal development and tissue-specific expression of proteins, to highly specialized processes such as DNA damage response or microRNA biogenesis  .
1	The performance of tl,e presented tagger is measured and compared to that of two other taggers  .
1	On the other end of the spectrum, character-based bitext mapping algorithms   are limited to language pairs where cognates are common; in addition, they may easily be misled by superficial differences in formatting and page layout and must sacrifice precision to be computationally tractable.
1	From   9 Combined metric BY BP B4AC BE B7BDB5C8CABPB4AC BE C8 B7 CAB5, from  , AC BPBD.
1	The IBM models, together with a Hidden Markov Model  , form a class of generative models that are based on a lexical translation model P  where each word fj in the foreign sentence fm1 is generated by precisely one word ei in the sentence el1, independently of the other translation decisions  .
1	Many systems   use these relationships as an intermediate, form when determining the semantics of syntactically parsed text.
1	2 Related Work WSD approaches can be classified as   knowledge-based approaches, which make use of linguistic knowledge, manually coded or extracted from lexical resources  ;   corpus-based approaches, which make use of shallow knowledge automatically acquired from corpus and statistical or machine learning algorithms to induce disambiguation models  ; and   hybrid approaches, which mix characteristics from the two other approaches to automatically acquire disambiguation models from corpus supported by linguistic knowledge  .
1	he fact that different authors use different versions of the same gold standard to evaluate similar experiments   versus Johnson  ) supports this claim
1	The basic LCS has a problem that it does not differentiate LCSes of different spatial relations within their embedding sequences  .
1	utomatic segmentation of spontaneous speech is an open research problem in its own right  
1	  discusses the recovery of one kind of empty node, viz.
1	For phrase-based translation model training, we used the GIZA++ toolkit  , and 1.0M bilingual sentences.
1	2.2 Automatic metrics Similarly to the Pyramid method, ROUGE   and Basic Elements   require multiple topics and model summaries to produce optimal results.
1	As an example of it s application, N-gram co-occurrence is used for evaluating machine translations  .
1	Examples are Andersen  , Okanohara and Tsujii  , Sun et al.
1	There are accurate parsers available such as Chaniak parser  , Stanford parser   and Berkeley parser  , among which we use the Berkeley parser 2 to help identify the head word.
2	Recently, an elegant approach to inference in discourse interpretation has been developed at a number of sites  , all based on tim notion of abduction, and we have begun to explore its potential application to machine translation.
1	This definition is similar to that of minimal translation units as described in Quirk and Menezes  , although they allow null words on either side.
1	We compare our methods with both the averaged perceptron   and conditional random fields   using identical predicate sets.
1	Our approach to statistical machine translation differs from the model proposed in   in that:  We compute the joint model P  from the bilanguage corpus to account for the direct mapping of the source sentence Ws into the target sentence I?VT that is ordered according to the  source language word order.
1	Concept similarity is often measured by vectors of co-occurrence with context words that are typed with dependency information  .
1	The noun phrases in this data set are the same as in the Treebank and therefore the baseNPs in this data set are slightly different from the ones in the   data sets.
1	Most of the previous work on statistical machine translation, as exemplified in  , employs word-alignment algorithm  ) that provides local associations between source and target words.
1	More recently, Haffari and Sarkar   have extended the work of Abney   and given a better mathematical understanding of self-training algorithms.
1	In this respect it resembles Wus 264 bilingual bracketer  , but ours uses a different extraction method that allows more than one lexical item in a rule, in keeping with the phrasebased philosophy.
1	The Penn Treebank annotation   was chosen to be the first among equals: it is the starting point for the merger and data from other annotations are attached at tree nodes.
1	This is a problem with other direct translation models, such as IBM model 1 used as a direct model rather than a channel model  .
1	However, the pb features yields no noticeable improvement unlike in prefect lexical choice scenario; this is similar to the findings in  .
1	As we remarked earlier, however, the input data required by our method   could be generated automatically from unparsed corpora making use of existing heuristic rules  , although for the experiments we report here we used a parsed corpus.
1	There exist many different string similarity measures: word overlap  , longest common subsequence  , Levenshteinedit distance  , word n-gramoverlap   etc. Semantic similarity measures are obtained by first computing the semantic similarity of the words containedin the sentencesbeing compared.
1	We set the feature weights by optimizing the Bleu score directly using minimum error rate training   on the development set.
1	Recently,   introduced an approach for incorporating a dependency-based language model into SMT.
2	…2011   Reconstruction of severe tibial shaft fractures Free vascularized fibula or osteocutaneous fibular flap Tibia 38 Good outcome…
2	Amhr2-Cre mice have been successfully used to study the roles of many genes in female reproduction and cancer, including vascular endothelial growth factor a    .
0	The size of the development set used to generate 1 and 2   compensates the tendency of the unsmoothed MERT algorithm to overfit   by providing a high ratio between number of variables and number of parameters to be estimated.
1	The evaluation metric is casesensitive BLEU-4  .
1	  used iterative scaling algorithms for CRF training, following earlier work on maximumentropy models for natural language  .
1	2 Overview 2.1 The word segmentation problem As statistical machine translation systems basically rely on the notion of words through their lexicon models  , they are usually capable of outputting sentences already segmented into words when they translate into languages like Chinese or Japanese.
1	Additionally, automatic evaluation of content coverage using ROUGE   was explored in 2004.
1	ollins   proposed a Perceptron like learning algorithm to solve sequence classification in the traditional left-to-right order
1	More complete discussions of M.E. as applied to computational linguistics, including a description of the M.E. estimation procedure can be found in   and  .
1	Regression has also been used to order sentences in extractive summarization  .
0	Turneys method did not work well although they reported 80% accuracy in  .
1	The elements of this set are pairs   where y is a possible translation for x. 4 IBMs model 1 IBMs model 1 is the simplest of a hierarchy of five statistical models introduced in  .
1	Except where noted, each system was trained on 27 million words of newswire data, aligned with GIZA++   and symmetrized with the grow-diag-final-and heuristic  .
1	A few studies   addressed this defect by selecting the appropriate translation rules for an input span based on its context in the input sentence.
1	4 Related Work The automatic extraction of English subcategorization frames has been considered in  , where a procedure is presented that takes untamed text as input and generates a list of verbal subcategorization frames.
1	ur intuition is that we cannot apply our binarization to Collins  
1	The commonly used phrase extraction approach based on word alignment heuristics   as described in   is a special case of the algorithm, where candidate phrase pairs are restricted to those that respect word alignment boundaries.
1	For ROUGE-S and ROUGE-SU, we use three variations following  : the maximum skip distances are 4, 9 and infinity 7.
1	Using these patterns, we introduced verb form errors into AQUAINT, then re-parsed the corpus  , and compiled the changes in the disturbed trees into a catalog.
1	At the present time, given the key role of window size in determining the selection and apparent strength of associations under the conventional co-occurrence model highlighted here and in the works of Church et al  , Rapp  , Wang  , and Schulte im Walde & Melinger   we would urge that this is an issue which window-driven studies continue to conscientiously address; at the very least, scale is a parameter which findings dependent on distributional phenomena must be qualified in light of.
1	The disambiguation model of this parser is based on a maximum entropy model  .
1	to the pair-wise TER alignment described in  .
2	Numerous studies have used the PGSI   and it has been shown to have good psychometric properties, examining gambling involvement, problem gambling behaviour, adverse consequences, and problem gambling correlates (Ferris…
2	The ROUGE   suite of metrics are n-gram overlap based metrics that have been shown to highly correlate with human evaluations on content responsiveness.
2	Recently so-called reranking techniques, such as maximum entropy models   and gradient methods  , have been applied to machine translation  , and have provided significant improvements.
1	tile data put tbrward by ll,amshaw and Marcus  .
0	We considered a variety of tools like ROUGE   and METEOR   but decided they were unsuitable for this task.
1	To generate the n-best lists, a phrase based SMT   was used.
2	The AAI was also successfully applied to assess individual differences in attachment representations during adolescence  .
1	is a WordNet based relatedness measure  .
1	In fact, it has been shown that the agreement of subjects annotating bridging   or discourse   relations can be too low for tentative conclusion to be drawn  .
1	Examples of formalisms using this approach include the work of Magerman  , Charniak  , Collins  , and Goodman  .
1	MAXENT, Zhang Les C++ implementation 8 of maximum entropy modelling  .
1	6 Results We trained on the standard Penn Treebank WSJ corpus  .
2	Recent work,  , has shown that adding many millions of words of machine parsed and reranked LA Times articles does, in fact, improve performance of the parser on the closely related WSJ data.
1	The analyser--and therefore the generator-includes exception lists derived from WordNet  .
1	Much like kappa statistics proposed by Carletta  , existing employments of majority class baselines assume an equal set of identical potential mark-ups, i.e. attributes and their values, for all markables.
2	The update rule above is a special instance of a more general experience-weighted attraction rule  , which has been shown to be in reasonable agreement with experimental data on human learning in repeated games.
1	In the experiment, only the first 500 sentences were used to train the log-linear model weight vector, where minimum error rate   training was used  .
1	GIZA++  , an implementation of the IBM   and HMM  
1	Our method is based on a decision list proposed by Yarowsky  .
1	If the language model Pr  = p   depends on parameters and the translation model Pr  = p   depends on parameters, then the optimal parameter values are obtained by maximizing the likelihood on a parallel training corpus fS1;eS1  :  = argmax SY s=1 p      = argmax SY s=1 p     Computational Linguistics  , Philadelphia, July 2002, pp.
1	odel weights were also trained following Och  
1	Recently, many phrase reordering methods have been proposed, ranging from simple distancebased distortion model  , flat reordering model  , lexicalized reordering model  , to hierarchical phrase-based model   and classifier-based reordering model with linear features  .
1	Research prototypes exist for applications such as personal email and calendars, travel and restaurant information, and personal banking   inter alia.
1	This merging of contexts is different than clustering words  , but is applicable, as word clustering relies on knowing which contexts identify the same category.
1	Yarowsky   tested the claim on about 37,000 examples and found that when a polysemous word appeared more than once in a discourse, they took on the majority sense for the discourse 99.8% of the time on average.
0	However, as discussed in prior arts   and this paper, linguistically-informed SCFG is an inadequate model for parallel corpora due to its nature that only allowing child-node reorderings.
1	Among the several proposals, we mention here the models presented in  ,  ,  ,   and  .
1	available): SCISSOR  , an integrated syntactic-semantic parser; KRISP  , an SVM-based parser using string kernels; WASP  , a system based on synchronous grammars; Z&C  3, a probabilistic parser based on relaxed CCG grammars; and LU  , a generative model with discriminative reranking.
2	…    or enteric polymers such as hydroxypropyl methylcellulose phthalate     and hydroxypropyl methylcellulose acetate succinate     have demonstrated use…
2	For example, Smith and Smith   and Burkett and Klein   show that joint parsing   on a bitext improves accuracies on either or both sides by leveraging bilingual constraints, which is very promising for syntax-based machine translation which requires   parse trees for rule extraction  .
1	There are also attempts at a more fine-grained analysis of accuracy, targeting specific linguistic constructions or grammatical functions  .
1	The first work in SMT, done at IBM  , developed a noisy-channel model, factoring the translation process into two portions: the translation model and the language model.
1	The data set is same as in Section 5.1, except that we also parsed the English-side using a variant of the Collins   parser, and then extracted 24.7M tree-to-string rules using the algorithm of  .
1	Different methods have been proposed to reduce error propagation between pipelined tasks, both in general   and for specific problems such as language modeling and utterance classification   and labeling and chunking  .
1	The model was trained using minimum error rate training for Arabic   and MIRA for Chinese  .
2	Averaging has been shown to reduce overfitting   as well as reliance on the order of the examples during training.
2	For the linguistic feature extraction phase we wrapped several state-of-the-art NLP tools: Stanford CoreNLP12 for POS, NERC, TERN, and coreference resolution; mate-tools13 for DP and SRL, with mappings between frame resources from the Predicate Matrix  ; DBpedia Spotlight14 for EL; and, UKB15 for WSD.
1	As an alternative to linear interpolation, we also employ a weighted product for phrase-table combination: p   productdisplay j pj j   This has the same form used for log-linear training of SMT decoders  , which allows us to treateachdistributionasafeature,andlearnthemixing weights automatically.
1	Indeed, only few earlier works reported inter-judge agreement level, and those that did reported rather low Kappa values, such as 0.54   and 0.55 0.63  .
1	The second model is a maximum entropy model  , since Klein and Manning   found that this model yielded higher accuracy than nave Bayes in a subsequent comparison of WSD performance.
1	1 Introduction Despite a surge in research using parallel corpora for various machine translation tasks  ,(Brown et al. 1991; Gale & Church 1993; Church 1993; Dagan & Church 1994; Simard et al. 1992; Chen 1993; Melamed 1995; Wu & Xia 1994; Wu 1994; Smadja et aI.
1	Since the lexical translations and dependency paths are typically not labeled in the English corpus, a given pair must be counted fractionally according to its posterior probability of satisfying these conditions, given models of contextual translation and English parsing.3 3Similarly, Jansche   imputes missing trees by using comparable corpora.
1	However, only recently has work been done on the automatic computation of such relationships from text, quantifying similarity between words and clustering them  ,  ).
1	Success is indicated by the proportion of the original sentence regenerated, as measured by any string comparison method: in our case, using the BLEU metric  .
1	In order increase the likelihood that 909 only true paraphrases were considered as phraselevel alternations for an example, extracted sentences were clustered using complete-link clustering using a technique proposed in  .
1	  argue that precise alignment can improve transliteration effectiveness, experimenting on English-Chinese data and comparing IBM models   with phonemebased alignments using direct probabilities.
1	We also show that the domain adaptation work of  , which is presented as an ad-hoc preprocessing step, is actually equivalent to our formal model.
0	We will show that some achieve significantly better results than the standard minimum error rate training of  .
1	For Japanese sentences, instead of using full parse trees, existing sentence compression methods trim dependency trees by the discriminative model   through the use of simple linear combined features  .
1	The training data for the French/English data set is taken from the LDC Canadian Hansard data set, from which the word aligned data   was also taken.
1	Some regarded Wikipedia as the corpora and applied hand-crafted or machine-learned rules to acquire semantic relations  .
1	We use the standard NIST MTEval data sets for the years 2003, 2004 and 2005  .6 We report results in terms of case-insensitive 4gram BLEU   scores.
2	Perhaps the most well-known method is maximum marginal relevance    , as well as cross-sentence informational subsumption  , mixture models  , subtopic diversity  , diversity penalty  , and others.
1	he preliminary labeling by keyword matching used in this paper is similar to the seed collocations used by Yarowsky  
1	2 Extracting paraphrases Much previous work on extracting paraphrases   has focused on finding identifying contexts within aligned monolingual sentences from which divergent text can be extracted, and treated as paraphrases.
1	For transfer-learning baseline, we implement traditional SCL model    .
2	One promising approach extends standard Statistical Machine Translation   techniques   to the problems of monolingual paraphrase identification and generation.
1	Some of the differences between our approach and those of Turney   are mentioned below: ??objectives: Turney   aims at binary text classification, while our objective is six class classification of one-liner headlines.
1	In this article, we used the algorithm of   to initialize the model.
1	One could use the estimated co-occurrences from a small sample to compute the test statistics, most commonly Pearsons chi-squared test, the likelihood ratio test, Fishers exact test, cosine similarity, or resemblance    .
1	To summarize, we can describe our system as follows: it is based on  s implementation of  , which has been fed at each iteration by a different dataset consisting of the supervised and unsupervised part: precisely, by a concatenation of the manually tagged training data   and a chunk of automatically tagged unsupervised data.
1	Therefore, Lin and Och   introduced skip-bigram statistics for the evaluation of machine translation.
1	3.1 Generation using PHARAOH PHARAOH   is an SMT system that uses phrases as basic translation units.
2	rhodesiense HAT, using proton nuclear magnetic resonance   spectroscopy, a high-throughput and robust method that is optimal for analyzing multiple metabolites simultaneously within complex biological mixtures  .
1	For this work, an off-the-shelf maximum entropy tagger 10   was used.
1	This decomposition applies both to discriminative linear models and to generative models such as HMMs and CRFs, in which case the linear sum corresponds to log likelihood assigned to the input/output pair by the model   for the classi cation case and   for the structured case).
1	5 Evaluation 5.1 Datasets We used two datasets, customer reviews 1   and movie reviews 2   to evaluate sentiment classification of sentences.
2	Due to this data sparsity problem, state-of-the-art systems for NER in morphologically rich languages usually make use of the analysis of the morphological structures of the languages and require language specific feature engineering  .
2	The effectiveness of the our recommendation approach has been compared against two widespread state-of-the-art baselines: labeled UCF  .
2	Because of its high spatial resolution and applicability to air-filled structures, CT is a good alternative for guiding RFA, which cannot be adequately guided by US  .
1	This is due to the reason that Telugu     is comparitively a high entropy language than English  .
0	They are a bit controversial in a proper machine translation, where the popular BLEU score  , although widely accepted as a measure of translation accuracy, seems to favor stochastic approaches based on 91 an n-gram model over other MT methods  ).
1	The POS tag features were produced by rst predicting the tags with Ratnaparkhis Maximum Entropy Tagger   and then clustered by hand into a smaller number of groups based on their syntactic role.
0	Despite a study performed by Cancer and Leukemia Group B   did not demonstrate superior activities by higher doses of CrEL-based paclitaxel  , data from several other phase II studies in MBC suggest a dose-response relationship.
1	In future work, we will expand all of the above types of features and employ techniques to reduce dimensionality along the lines suggested in   and  .
1	For example, in John saw Mary yesterday at the station, only John and Mary are required arguments while the other constituents are optional  .3 The problem of SF identification using statistical methods has had a rich discussion in the literature    ).
0	David McClosky, Eugene Charniak, and Mark Johnson Brown Laboratory for Linguistic Information Processing   Brown University Providence, RI 02912 {dmcc|ec|mj}@cs.brown.edu Abstract Self-training has been shown capable of improving on state-of-the-art parser performance   despite the conventional wisdom on the matter and several studies to the contrary  .
1	4 Data Collection We evaluated out method by running RASP over Brown Corpus and Wall Street Journal, as contained in the Penn Treebank  .
1	Finally, the translation model can be formalized as the following optimization problem argmax logPr  s.t. mwsummationdisplay j=1 Pr  = 1,k This optimization problem can be solved by the EM algorithm  .
0	Moreover, even though working memory is a critical cognitive component of chess performance, maintenance of chess expertise through actively playing chess produces life-span curves of chess performance that do not resemble the curves for standard working-memory tasks  .
1	We would expect better performance with the more accurate approximation based on variational inference proposed and evaluated in  .
1	These features are calculated by mining the parse trees, and then could be used for resolution by using manually designed rules  , or using machine-learning methods  .
1	An exception is the use of similarity for alleviating the sparse data problem in language modeling  .
1	Reference-based metrics such as BLEU   have rephrased this subjective task as a somewhat more objective question: how closely does the translation resemble sentences that are known to be good translations for the same source?
1	The search also uses a Tag Dictionary constructed from training data, described in  , that reduces the number of actions explored by the tagging model.
1	For example, Barzilay and Lee   applied multiple-sequence alignment   to parallel news sentences and induced paraphrasing patterns for generating new sentences.
1	For example,   have studied synchronous context free grammar.
1	4For justification for this kind of logical form for sentences with quantifiers and inteusional operators, see Hobbs  and Hobbs  .
1	Default parameters were used for all experiments except for the numberofiterationsforGIZA++ .
1	5 Conclusions and Future Work The results of the evaluation are exlremely encouraging, especially considering that disambiguating word senses to the level of fine-grainedness found in WordNet is quite a bit more difficult than disambiguation to the level of homographs  .
1	To evaluate sentence automatically generated with taking consideration word concatenation into by using references varied among humans, various metrics using n-gram precision and word accuracy have been proposed: word string precision   for summarization through word extraction, ROUGE   for abstracts, and BLEU   for machine translation.
1	 , or in more recent implementation, the MOSES MT system1  .
1	However, they make different types of errors, which can be seen as a reflection of their theoretical differences  .
1	n   associations are detected in a 5 window
1	ughes and Ramage   present a lexical similarity model based on random walks on graphs derived from WordNet; Rao et al
1	Training discriminative parsers is notoriously slow, especially if it requires generating examples by repeatedly parsing the treebank  .
2	In addition, parsing re-ranking   has also been shown to be another effective technique to improve parsing performance.
1	Models that support non-monotonic decoding generally include a distortion cost, such as|aibi11|where ai is the starting position of the foreign phrasefi andbi1 is the ending position of phrase fi1  .
1	We have applied it to the two data sets mentioned in  .
0	The estimation of glomerular function by this formula may be superior to that based on creatinine clearance in children  .
1	Feature-based methods   use pre-defined feature sets to extract features to train classification models.
1	A variety of methods have been applied, ranging from simple frequency  , modified frequency measures such as c-values   and standard statistical significance tests such as the t-test, the chi-squared test, and loglikelihood  , and information-based methods, e.g. pointwise mutual information  .
1	To model p , we use a standard loglinear approach: p   exp bracketleftBiggsummationdisplay i ifi  bracketrightBigg where each fi  is a feature function, and weights i are set using Ochs algorithm   to maximize the systems BLEU score   on a development corpus.
1	A Viterbi alignment computed from an IBM model 4   was computed for each translation direction.
1	Beside simple cooccurrence counts within sliding windows, other SoA measures include functions based on TF/IDF  , mutual information    , conditional probabilities  , chi-square test, and the loglikelihood ratio  .
2	First of all, the percentage of parents’ positive attitudes towards vaccinations was exceptionally high compared with other similar studies  .
2	This new model leads to significant improvements in MT quality as measured by BLEU  .
1	The noun phrase chunking   module uses the basic NP chunker software from 483   to recognize the noun phrases in the question.
1	Both data were extracted from the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal   Corpus  .
1	138 2 Rule Generation We start with phrase translations on the parallel training data using the techniques and implementation described in  .
1	As Carletta   notes, many tasks in computational linguistics are simply more difficult than the content analysis classifications addressed by Krippendorff, and according to Fleiss  , kappa values between .4 and .75 indicate fair to good agreement anyhow.
1	In this method, each training sentence is decoded and weights are updated at every iteration  .
1	With our best performing features, we get ROUGE-2   scores of 0.11 and 0.0925 on 2007 and 2006 5This threshold was derived experimentally with previous data.
1	This operation can be used in applications like Minimum Error Rate Training  , or optimizing system combination as described by Hillard et al.
1	1 Data Data for 64 verbs   was collected from three corpora; The British National Corpus    , the Penn Treehank parsed version of the Brown Corpus  , and the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal corpas    .
1	In order to extract the linguistic features necessary for the model, all sentences were first automatically part-of-speech-tagged using a maximum entropy tagger   and parsed using the Collins parser  .
2	1 Introduction There is a pressing need for a consensus on a taskoriented level of semantic representation that can enable the development of powerful new semantic analyzers in the same way that the Penn Treebank   enabled the development of statistical syntactic parsers  .
1	1 Introduction The use of various synchronous grammar based formalisms has been a trend for statistical machine translation    .
1	Specifically, the following information can be either automatically identified or manually annotated:  Syntactic structures automatically identified from a parser  ;  Semantic roles of entities in the question  ;  Discourse roles either manually annotated or identified by rules that map directly from semantic roles to discourse roles.
1	POS disambiguation has usually been performed by statistical approaches, mainly using the hidden Markov model   in English research communities  .
1	We finally also include as alignment candidates those word pairs that are transliterations of each other to cover rare proper names  , which is important for language pairs that dont share the same alphabet such as Arabic and English.
1	164 and Itai, 1990; Dagan et al. , 1995; Kennedy and Boguraev, 1996a; Kennedy and Boguraev, 1996b).
1	The theory has been applied in probabilistic language modeling  , natural language processing  , as well as computational vision  .
1	Instead of using the NP bracketing information present in the tagged Treebank data, Ramshaw and Marcus modified the data so as to include bracketing information related only to the non-recursive, base NPs present in each sentence while the subject verb phrases were taken as is. The data sets include POS tag information generated by Ramshaw and Marcus using Brill's transformational part-of-speech tagger  .
1	The problem of choosing an appropria.te level in the h.ierarchy at which to represent a particular noun sense   has been investigated by Resnik  , Li and Abe   and ll,iba,s  .
1	The output of a contextfree parser, such as that of Collins   or Charniak  , can be transformed into a sequence of shallow constituents for comparison with the output of a shallow parser.
1	However, as pointed out in  , there is no reason to believe that the resulting parameters are optimal with respect to translation quality measured with the Bleu score.
1	Then, h   h  + Lmax, s  S. This epsilon1-admissible heuristic   bounds our search error by Lmax.3 3 Bitext Parsing In bitext parsing, one jointly infers a synchronous phrase structure tree over a sentence ws and its translation wt  .
1	Previous research has addressed revision in single-document summaries   and has suggested that revising summaries can make them more informative and correct errors.
2	Also the use of lossy data structures based on Bloom filters has been demonstrated to be effective for LMs  .
1	There are many different similarity measures, which variously use taxonomic lexical hierarchies or lexical-semantic networks, large text corpora, word definitions in machine-readable dictionaries or other semantic formalisms, or a combination of these  .
1	6 Discussion Lack of interannotator agreement presents a significant problem in annotation efforts  .
1	We systematically explored the feature space for relation extraction   . Kernel methods allow a large set of features to be used without being explicitly extracted.
1	lish nouns first appeared in Hindle  
1	There are studies on learning subjective language  , identifying opinionated documents   and sentences  , and discriminating between positive and negative language  .
1	Words surrounding the current word have been occasionally used in taggers, such as  , Brills transformation based tagger  , and the HMM model of Lee et al.
1	Such a quasi-syntactic structure can naturally capture the reordering of phrases that is not directly modeled by a conventional phrase-based approach  .
1	The subsequent construction of translation table was done in exactly the same way as explained 4 in  .
2	We then propose a relatively simple yet effective method for resolving translation disambiguation using mutual information     statistics obtained only from the target document collection.
1	In that table, TBL stands for Brill's transformation-based error-driven tagget  , ME stands for a tagger based on the maimum entropy modelling  , SPATTER stands for a statistical parser based on decision trees  , IGTREE stands for the memory-based tagger by Daelemans et al.
1	Such studies follow the empiricist approach to word meaning summarized best in the famous dictum of the British 3 linguist J.R. Firth: You shall know a word by the company it keeps.   Context similarity has been used as a means of extracting collocations from corpora, e.g. by Church & Hanks   and by Dunning  , of identifying word senses, e.g. by Yarowski   and by Schutze  , of clustering verb classes, e.g. by Schulte im Walde  , and of inducing selectional restrictions of verbs, e.g. by Resnik  , by Abe & Li  , by Rooth et al.
1	We argue that linguistic knowledge could not only improve results   but is essential when extracting collocations from certain languages: this knowledge provides other applications   with a ne-grained description of how the extracted collocations are to be used in context.
1	22 Table 5: Comparison with previous best results:   POS tagging F=1 Perceptron   97.11 Dep.
2	he latent-annotation model   is one of the most effective un-lexicalized models
2	3.1 A History-Based Model The history-based   approach which incorporates more context information has worked well in parsing  .
1	CFGs extracted from such structures were then annotated with hidden variables encoding the constraints described in the previous section and trained until convergence by means of the Inside-Outside algorithm defined in   and applied in  .
1	Many existing systems for statistical machine translation   implement models presented by Brown, Della Pietra, Della Pietra, and Mercer  : The correspondence between the words in the source and the target strings is described by alignments that assign target word positions to each source word position.
1	eBonsai first performs syntactic analysis of a sentence using a parser based on GLR algorithm    , and provides candidates of its syntactic structure.
1	  also uses wide context, but incorporates the one-senseper-discourse and one-sense-per-collocation constraints, using an unsupervised learning technique.
1	We can incorporate each model into the system in turn, and rank the results on a test corpus using BLEU  .
1	Feature selection Berger et al   proposed an iterative procedure of adding news features to feature set driven by data
1	The wn::similarity package   to compute the Jiang&Conrath   distance   as in  .
1	4 Training This section discusses how to extract our translation rules given a triple nullnull,null null ,nullnull . As we know, the traditional tree-to-string rules can be easily extracted from nullnull,null null ,nullnull  using the algorithm of Mi and Huang   2 . We would like  2  Mi and Huang   extend the tree-based rule extraction algorithm   to forest-based by introducing non-deterministic mechanism.
2	Most early work assumed some limited amount of supervision   for this task, recent work has shown that unsupervised methods can perform on-par and often above early supervised methods  .
0	In addition, the performance of the adapted model for Joint S&T obviously surpass that of  , which achieves an F1 of 93.41% for Joint S&T, although with more complicated models and features.
2	Randomized controlled trials conducted in a range of surgical settings over the last 25 years have clearly demonstrated that enoxaparin is associated with lower rates of VTE than placebo or elastic compression, without compromising patient safety  .
1	Clark and Curran   describe the supertagger, which uses log-linear models to define a distribution over the lexical category set for each local five-word context containing the target word  .
1	Recently some researchers have pointed out the importance of the lexicon and proposed lexicalized models  .
1	32 7.3 Unknown Words and Parts of Speech When the parser encounters an unknown word, the first-best tag delivered by Ratnaparkhis   tagger is used.
1	6 Parameter Estimation From the duality of ME and maximum likelihood  , optimal parameters  for model   can be found by maximizing the log-likelihood function over a training sample {  : t = 1,,N}, i.e.:  = argmax  Nsummationdisplay t=1 logp .
1	  used transformation based learning using a large annotated corpus for English.
1	Since manual word alignment is an ambiguous task, we also explicitly allow for ambiguous alignments, i.e. the links are marked as sure   or possible    .
1	In addition to CFG-oriented approaches, a number of richer treebank-based grammar acquisition and parsing methods based on HPSG  , CCG  , LFG   and Dependency Grammar   incorporate non-local dependencies into their deep syntactic or semantic representations.
1	We analyzed a set of articles and identified six major operations that can be used for editing the extracted sentences, including removing extraneous phrases from an extracted sentence, combining a reduced sentence with other sentences, syntactic transformation, substituting phrases in an extracted sentence with their paraphrases, substituting phrases with more general or specific descriptions, and reordering the extracted sentences  .
1	arzilay and Lee   applied multi-sequence alignment   to parallel news sentences and induced paraphrase patterns for generating new sentences  )
1	  to LFG parses, and by Liu and Gildea   to features derived from phrase-structure tress.
2	BLEU and NIST have been shown to correlate closely with human judgments in ranking MT systems with different qualities  .
1	Seen from Table 2, our result about SCL is in accord with that in   on the whole.
1	The sentences were processed using Collins parser   to generate parse-trees automatically.
0	However, while discriminative models promise much, they have not been shown to deliver significant gains 1We class approaches using minimum error rate training   frequency count based as these systems re-scale a handful of generative features estimated from frequency counts and do not support large sets of non-independent features.
2	are the most widely studied as sources of insecticidal and/or repellent oils and are also the ones most commonly found in commercial formulations for this purpose  .
2	One of the most promising methods among them is PLDA  .
1	arowsky   used the one sense per collocation property as an essential ingredient for an unsupervised Word-SenseDisambiguationalgorithm
1	The row labelled Precision shows the precision of the extracted information   estimated by random sampling and manual evaluation of 1% of the data for each table, similar to  .
1	potential caveat with Lins   distributional similarity measure is its reliance on syntactic information for obtaining dependency relations
2	Purely syntactic categories lead to a smaller number of tags which also improves the accuracy of manual tagging 2   .
1	avigli   has induced clusters by mapping WordNet senses to a more coarse-grained lexical resource
1	8 Related Research Class-based LMs   or factored LMs   are very similar to our T+C scenario.
1	Similarlyto , we define the strength of a pattern p in a category y as the precision of p in the set of documents labeled with category y, estimated using Laplace smoothing: strength  = count  + epsilon1count  + kepsilon1   where count  is the number of documents labeled y containing pattern p, count  is the overall number of labeled documents containing p, and k is the number of domains.
1	1 Introduction A number of empirical studies have found bracketing to be a useful type of corpus annotation  .
1	  Apply some statistical tests such as the Binomial Hypothesis Test   and loglikelihood ratio score   to SCCs to filter out false SCCs on the basis of their reliability and likelihood.
1	Semantic  : The named entity   tag of wi obtained using the Stanford CRF-based NE recognizer  .
1	Most work in machine learning literature on utilizing labeled features has focused on using them to generate weakly labeled examples that are then used for standard supervised learning:   propose one such framework for boosting logistic regression;   build a modi ed SVM and   use a combination of clustering and EM based methods to instantiate similar frameworks.
1	The hallucination process is motivated by the use of NULL alignments into Markov alignment models as done by  .
1	4.2 Experiments To build all alignment systems, we start with 5 iterations of Model 1 followed by 4 iterations of HMM  , as implemented in GIZA++  .
1	An open question in SMT is whether there existsclosed formexpressions   for P   and the counts in the EM iterations for models 3-5  .
1	Many research groups use a decoder based on a log-linear approach incorporating phrases as main paradigm  .
2	6 Related Work A pioneering antecedent for our work is  , who trained a Collins-style generative parser   over a syntactic structure augmented with the template entity and template relations annotations for the MUC-7 shared task.
1	Following the framework of global linear models in  , we cast this task as learning a mapping F from input verses x  X to a text-reuse hypothesis y  Y  {epsilon1}.
1	Data and Parameters To facilitate comparison with previous work, we trained our models on sections 2-21 of the WSJ section of the Penn tree-bank  .
1	1 Introduction Several approaches including statistical techniques  , lexical techniques   and hybrid techniques  , have been pursued to design schemes for word alignment which aims at establishing links between words of a source language and a target language in a parallel corpus.
1	he third function is an original variant of the second; the fourth is original; and the fifth is prompted by the arguments of Dunning  
1	5.2 Assigning complex ambiguity tags In the tagging literature  ) an ambiguity class is often composed of the set of every possible tag for a word.
0	We have also illustrated that ASIA outperforms three other English systems  , even though many of these use more input than just a semantic class name.
1	Furthermore, recent studies revealed that word clustering is useful for semi-supervised learning in NLP  .
1	OHara and Wiebe   also make use of high level features, in their case the Penn Treebank   and FrameNet   to classify prepositions.
2	Sentiment summarization has been well studied in the past decade  .
1	The training and decoding system of our SMT used the publicly available Pharaoh  2.
1	This is con rmed by the translation experiments in which the evaluation data sets were translated using the servers translation engines and the translation quality was evaluated using the standard automatic evaluation metrics BLEU   and METEOR   where scores range between 0   and 1  .
1	Partitioning 2: Medium and low frequency words As noted in  , log-likelihood statistics are able to capture word bi-gram regularities.
1	However, after several advances in tasks such as automatic tagging of text with high level semantics such as parts-of-speech  , named-entities  , sentence-parsing  , etc. , there is increasing hope that one could leverage this information into IR techniques.
1	Various methods are based on Mutual Information between classes, see  .
1	37 3 Semi-supervised Domain Adaptation 3.1 Structural Correspondence Learning Structural Correspondence Learning   exploits unlabeled data from both source and target domain to find correspondences among features from different domains.
1	Factored models are introduced in   for better integration of morphosyntactic information.
0	They reported that their method is superior to BLEU   in terms of the correlation between human assessment and automatic evaluation.
1	Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Computational Linguistics  , pages 585592 Manchester, August 2008 Random Restarts in Minimum Error Rate Training for Statistical Machine Translation Robert C. Moore and Chris Quirk Microsoft Research Redmond, WA 98052, USA bobmoore@microsoft.com, chrisq@microsoft.com Abstract Ochs   minimum error rate training   procedure is the most commonly used method for training feature weights in statistical machine translation   models.
0	…between output and input, CNF achieves almost 10% relative improvement over CRF. CNF also outperforms other methods including SVMpro  , SVMpsi  , YASSPP  , PSIPRED  , SPINE   and TreeCRFpsi  .
1	We will do this by examining how humans perform on summary extraction and evaluating the reliability of their performance, using the kappa statistic, a metric standardly used in the behavioral sciences  .
2	Such methods can achieve better performance, reaching tagging accuracy of up to 85% on unknown words for English  .
1	By building the entire system on the derivation level, we side-step issues that can occur when perceptron training with hidden derivations  , but we also introduce the need to transform our training source-target pairs into training derivations.
1	We evaluate our results with case-sensitive BLEU-4 metric  .
1	For instance, BLEU and ROUGE   are based on n-gram precisions, METEOR   and STM   use word-class or structural information, Kauchak   leverages on paraphrases, and TER   uses edit-distances.
1	For Penn Treebank II style annotation  , in which a nonterminal symbol is a category together with zero or more functional tags, we adopt the following scheme: the atomic pattern a matches any label with category a or functional tag a; moreover, we define Boolean operators^,_, and:.
2	  regarded MWE as connected collocations: a sequence of neighboring words whose exact meaning cannot be derived from the meaning or connotation of its components, which means that MWEs also have low ST. As some pioneers provide MWE identiflcation methods which are based on association metrics  , such as likelihood ratio  .
1	We tokenized sentences using the standard treebank tokenization script, and then we performed part-of-speech tagging using MXPOST tagger  .
1	.2 Data sparseness Another facet of the general trade-off identified by Rapp   pertains to how limitations in862 herent in the combination of data and cooccurrence retrieval method are manifest
2	Moreover, Nelfinavir, a S2P inhibitor used in treating HIV patients, has been well tolerated in clinical trials41, indicating that inhibition of ATF6 and SREBP-1 is not likely to be problematic in patients.
1	Word alignment was carried out by running Giza++ implementation of IBM Model 4 initialized with 5 iterations of Model 1, 5 of the HMM aligner, and 3 iterations of Model 4   in both directions and then symmetrizing using the grow-diag-final-and heuristic  .
1	Haghighi and Klein s   prototype-driven approach requires just a few prototype examples for each POS tag, exploiting these labeled words to constrain the labels of their distributionally similar words when training a generative log-linear model for POS tagging.
1	1 Introduction Sentiment analysis of text documents has received considerable attention recently  .
1	This direction has been forming the mainstream of research on opinion-sensitive text processing  .
1	 , and in some cases, to factor the translation problem so that the baseline MT system can take advantage of the reduction in sparsity by being able to work on word stems.
0	Although a hardware image compositor is utilized, it has some physical performance limitation  .
1	Most prior work on the speci c problem of categorizing expressly opinionated text has focused on the binary distinction of positive vs. negative  .
1	An alternative is to create an automatic system that uses a set of training question-answer pairs to learn the appropriate question-answer matching algorithm  .
1	Before training the classifiers, we perform feature ablation by imposing a count cutoff of 10, and by limiting the number of features to the top 75K features in terms of log likelihood ratio  .
1	The modified version of the Roark parser, trained on the Brown Corpus section of the Penn Treebank  , was used to parse the different narratives and produce the word by word measures.
1	  presents an automatic approach for mapping between sense inventories; here similarities in gloss definition and structured relations between the two sense inventories are exploited in order to map between WordNet senses and distinctions made within the coarser-grained Oxford English Dictionary.
1	Some other researchers also work on detecting negative cases, i.e. contradiction, instead of entailment  .
1	The model scaling factors M1 are trained with respect to the final translation quality measured by an error criterion  .
1	Automatic NE transliteration is an important component in many cross-language applications, such as Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval   and Machine Translation   .
1	A path in a translation hypergraph induces a translation hypothesis E along with its sequence of SCFG rules D = r1,r2,,rK which, if applied to the start symbol, derives E. The sequence of SCFG rules induced by a path is also called a derivation tree for E. 3 Minimum Error Rate Training Given a set of source sentences FS1 with corresponding reference translations RS1, the objective of MERT is to find a parameter set M1 which minimizes an automated evaluation criterion under a linear model: M1 = argmin M1  SX s=1 Err`Rs, E  ff E  = argmax E  SX s=1 mhm  ff . In the context of statistical machine translation, the optimization procedure was first described in Och   for N-best lists and later extended to phrase-lattices in Macherey et al.
1	A more recent bootstrapping approach is described in  .
1	Many of these tasks have been addressed in other fields, for example, hypothesis verification in the field of machine translation  , sense disambiguation in speech synthesis  , and relation tagging in information retrieval  .
1	We have used the optimal experiment configurations that we had obtained from the fourth experiment series for processing the complete   data set.
1	The translation quality is evaluated by BLEU metric  , as calculated by mtevalv11b.pl with case-insensitive matching of n-grams, where n =4.
1	2 Decoding The decoding problem in SMT is one of finding the most probable translation e in the target language of a given source language sentence f in accordance with the Fundamental Equation of SMT  : e = argmaxe Pr Pr .
1	  Whether this is a useful perspective for machine translation is debatable  --however, it is a dead-on description of transliteration.
1	In this work, we focus on learning bilingual word phrases by using Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars    .
1	Firstly, they classify all the GHKM2 rules   into two categories: lexical rules and non-lexical rules.
2	We have developed a set of extensions to a probabilistic translation model   that enable us to successfully merge oversegmented regions into coherent objects.
1	However, because these estimates are too sparse to be relied upon, we use interpolated estimates consisting of mixtures of successively lowerorder estimates  .
1	Distance from a target word is used for this purpose and it is calculated by the assumption that the target words in the context window have the same sense  .
1	Table 2 shows the results for English projective dependency trees extracted from the Penn Treebank   using the rules of Yamada and Matsumoto  .
1	We first determine lexical heads of nonterminal nodes by using Bikels implementation of Collins head detection algorithm9  .
1	Consequently, the mainstream research in the literature has been focused on the modeling and utilization of local and sentential contexts, either linguistically in a rule-based framework or statistically in a searching and optimization set-up  .
2	  is one of the most famous work that discussed learning polarity from corpus.
1	The measures vary from simple edge-counting to attempt to factor in peculiarities of the network structure by considering link direction, relative path, and density, such as vector, lesk, hso, lch, wup, path, res, lin and jcn  .
1	1 Introduction The research presented in this paper forms part of an ongoing effort to develop methods to induce wide-coverage multilingual LexicalFunctional Grammar     resources from treebanks by means of automatically associating LFG f-structure information with constituency trees produced by probabilistic parsers  .
1	Och   claimed that this approximation achieved essentially equivalent performance to that obtained when directly using the loss as the objective, O = lscript.
2	The third experiment uses our hashing scheme, which makes comparing all possible subgraph pairs tractable, to compare graphs Vishwanathan et al.  . On publicly available datasets like MUTAG and PTC as well as on the biologically inspired dataset DD used by Vishwanathan et al.  , our method achieves the best known accuracy.
1	The kappa statistic   has become the de facto standard to assess inter-annotator agreement.
1	During evaluation two performance metrics, BLEU   and NIST, were computed.
1	The original formulation of statistical machine translation   was defined as a word-based operation.
1	Our method is based on the Extended String Subsequence Kernel     which is a kind of convolution kernel  .
1	The candidates were then ranked according to the scores assigned by four association measures: the log-likelihood ratio G2  , Pearsons chi-squared statistic X2  , the t-score statistic t  , and mere cooccurrence frequency f.4 TPs were identified according to the definition of Krenn  .
1	4.2 Binarization Schemes Besides the baseline   and iterative cost reduction binarization methods, we also perform right-heavy and random synchronous binarizations for comparison.
1	2.2 Implementation of GIZA++ GIZA++ is an implementation of ML estimators for several statistical alignment models, including IBM Model 1 through 5  , HMM   and Model 6  .
2	Building on a recent proposal in this direction by Turney  , we propose a generic method of this sort, and we test it on a set of unrelated tasks, reporting good performance across the board with very little task-specific tweaking.
1	The k-best list is also frequently used in discriminative learning to approximate the whole set of candidates which is usually exponentially large  .
1	It is possible to recognize a common structure of these works, based on a typical bootstrap schema  : Step 1: Initial unsupervised categorization.
2	Given the good results observed with this approach  , the question arose whether this robustness could suffice to enable arbitrary 3D excitations.
1	In   non-terminals in a standard PCFG model are augmented with latent variables.
1	Distortion models were first proposed by   in the so-called IBM Models.
1	In our approach, equation   is further normalized so that the probability for different lengths of F is comparable at the word level: m m j n i ijm eft l EFP /1 10 )| 1 |  The alignment models described in   are all based on the notion that an alignment aligns each source word to exactly one target word.
1	Another alternative for future work is to compare the dynamic programming approach taken here with the beam-search approach of Collins and Roark  , which allows more global features.
1	Feature weights were set with minimum error rate training   on a development set using BLEU   as the objective function.
1	 s approach for English resolves three LDD types in parser output trees without traces and coindexation  ), i.e. topicalisation  , wh-movement in relative clauses   and interrogatives  .
1	To support a more rigorous analysis, however, wc have followed Carletta's suggestion   of using the K coettMcnt   as a measure of coder agreement.
1	2 IBM Model 4 Various statistical alignment models of the form Pr  have been introduced in  .
2	Following the state-of-the-art technique for exploratory data analysis  , we decided to opt for unsupervised clustering. The chosen normalized spectral clustering algorithm proposed by Ng et al.   has been effectively applied to various lexical acquisition tasks  ; Xu & Ke  ; Sun & Korhonen  ).
1	This set of context vectors is then clustered into a predetermined number of coherent clusters or context groups using Buckshot  , a combination of the EM algorithm and agglomerative clustering.
0	Although phase 1 frequency decays rapidly and substantially, generating a wide range of instantaneous frequencies in a short period  , the CoV was still less than those computed for phase 2 and 3 distributions.
1	corpora and corpus query tools has been particularly significant in the area of compiling and developing lexicographic materials   and in the area of creating various kinds of lexical resources, such as WordNet   and FrameNet  .
1	1 A bilingual language model  ITG Wu   has proposed a bilingual language model called Inversion Transduction Grammar  , which can be used to parse bilingual sentence pairs simultaneously.
1	The smoothing methods proposed in the literature   and Lee  ) can be generally divided into three types: discounting  , class-based smoothing  , and distance-weighted averaging  .
1	Several models were introduced for these problems, for example, the Hidden Markov Model    , Maximum Entropy Model    , and Conditional Random Fields    .
1	5 The task: Base NP chunking The task is base NP chunking on section 20 of the Wall Street Journal corpus, using sections 15 to 18 of the corpus as training data as in  .
1	Uses for k-best lists include minimum Bayes risk decoding  , discriminative reranking  , and discriminative training  .
1	The Xerox experiments   correspond to something between D1 and D2, and between TO and T1, in that there is some initial biasing of the probabilities.
1	ROUGE-N   This measure compares n-grams of two summaries, and counts the number of matches.
1	Other classes, such as the ones below can be extracted using lexico-statistical tools, such as in  , and then checked by a human.
1	It is a reimplementation of the averaged perceptron described in  , which uses such features that it behaves like an HMM tagger and thus the standard Viterbi decoding is possible.
1	In addition, explicitly using the left context symbols allows easy use of smoothing techniques, such as deleted interpolation  , clustering techniques  , and model refinement techniques   to estimate the probabilities more reliably by changing the window sizes of the context and weighting the various estimates dynamically.
1	As resolving direct anaphoric descriptions   is a much simpler problem with high performance rates as shown in previous results  , these heuristics should be applied first in a system that resolves definite descriptions.
1	2 The alignment Algorithm 2.1 Estimation of translation probabilities The translation probabilities are estimated using a method based on Brown et al.'s Model 2  , which is summarized in the following subsection, 2.1.1.
2	1 Introduction The Penn Treebank   is perhaps the most in uential resource in Natural Language Processing  .
1	There bas recently been work in the detection of semantically related nouns via, for example, shared argument structures  , and shared dictionary definition context  .
1	Dunning   argues for the use of G 2 rather than X 2, based on the claim that the sampling distribution of G 2 approaches the true chi-square distribution quicker than the sampling distribution of X 2 . However, Agresti   makes the opposite claim: The sampling distributions of X 2 and G 2 get closer to chi-squared as the sample size n increasesThe convergence is quicker for X 2 than G 2 . In addition, Pedersen   questions whether one statistic should be preferred over the other for the bigram acquisition task and cites Cressie and Read  , who argue that there are some cases where the Pearson statistic is more reliable than the log-likelihood statistic.
1	Our evaluation metrics are BLEU   and NIST, which are to perform caseinsensitive matching of n-grams up to n = 4.
2	The best example of such an approach is  , who proposes a method that automatically identifies collocations that are indicative of the sense of a word, and uses those to iteratively label more examples.
1	Therefore, having correct transliterations would give only small improvements in terms of BLEU   and NIST scores.
1	We adopted an N-best hypothesis approach   to train.
2	In an attempt to overcome this limitation, Achenbach, Dumenici, and Rescorla   developed a new scoring system based on consensus between clinicians that allows better correspondence between the vastly adopted CBCL scales and the currently employed DSM-IV diagnostic criteria.
1	For instance, the frequency collected from the data can be used to bias initial transition and emission probabilities in an HMM model; the tagged words in IGT can be used to label the resulting clusters produced by the word clustering approach; the frequent and unambiguous words in the target lines can serve as prototype examples in the prototype-driven approach  .
1	This is possible because of the availability of statistical parsers, which can be trained on human-annotated treebanks   for multiple languages;   The binding theory is used as a guideline and syntactic structures are encoded as features in a maximum entropy coreference system;   The syntactic features are evaluated on three languages: Arabic, Chinese and English  .
1	Like Haghighi and Klein  , we give our model information about the basic types of pronouns in English.
1	This set of words   corresponds to the   Characterize  , Declare  , Admire  , and Judgment verbs   and hence may have particular syntactic and semantic patterning.
1	NULL) Compared with the B-Chunk and I-Chunk used in Ramshaw and Marcus , structural relations 99 and 90 correspond to B-Chunk which represents the first word of the chunk, and structural relations 00 and 09 correspond to I-Chunk which represnts each other in the chunk while 90 also means the beginning of the sentence and 09 means the end of the sentence.
1	Introduction Verb subcategorizafion probabilities play an important role in both computational linguistic applications   and psycholinguisfic models of language processing  .
1	The most relevant to our work are Kazama and Torisawa  , Toral and Muoz  , and Cucerzan  .
1	2 Background Default unification has been investigated by many researchers   in the context of developing lexical semantics.
1	Despite these difficulties, some work has shown it worthwhile to minimize error directly  .
1	Our experiments created translation modules for two evaluation corpora: written news stories from the Penn Treebank corpus   and spoken task-oriented dialogues from the TRAINS93 corpus  .
1	1 Introduction Mainstream approaches in statistical parsing are based on nondeterministic parsing techniques, usually employing some kind of dynamic programming, in combination with generative probabilistic models that provide an n-best ranking of the set of candidate analyses derived by the parser  .
1	The software also required GIZA++ word alignment tool .
1	There has been recent work on discovering allomorphic phenomena automatically  .
1	It is often straightforward to obtain large amounts of unlabeled data, making semi-supervised approaches appealing; previous work on semisupervised methods for dependency parsing includes  .
1	But the lack of corpora has led to a situation where much of the current work on parsing is performed on a single domain using training data from that domain  the Wall Street Journal   section of the Penn Treebank  .
1	However, other types of nonlocal information have also been shown to be effective   and we will examine the effectiveness of other non-local information which can be embedded into label information.
1	In the context of headline generation, simple statistical models are used for aligning documents and headlines  , based on IBM Model 1  .
1	he cohesion between two words is measured as in Church and Hanks   by an estimation of the mutual information based on their collocation frequency
1	oth Agichtein and Ganti   and Canisius and Sporleder   train a language model for each database column
2	Many techniques which have been studied for the purpose of machine translation, such as word sense disambiguation  , anaphora resolution  , and automatic pattern extraction from corpora  , can accelerate the further enhancement of sentiment analysis, or other NLP tasks.
1	We use IBMs BLEU score   to measure the performance of SMS text normalization.
1	This method uses mutual information and loglikelihood, which Dunning   used to calculate the dependency value between words.
2	1 Introduction Syntactic methods are an increasingly promising approach to statistical machine translation, being both algorithmically appealing   and empirically successful  .
0	  examine the FS of the weighted log-likelihood ratio   on the movie review dataset and achieves an accuracy of 87.1%, which is higher than the result reported by Pang and Lee   with the same dataset.
1	We adopt an approach, similar to  , in which the meaning representation, in our case XML, is transformed into a sorted flat list of attribute-value pairs indicating the core contentful concepts of each command.
1	Instances of this work include information extraction, ontology induction and resource acquisition  .
2	The most commonly used MT evaluation metric in recent years has been IBM?s Bleu metric  .
2	Recent studies identified Wee1 as a potential molecular target in cancer cells and the selective small molecule Wee1-inhibitor MK-1775 demonstrated promising results in cancer cells with enhanced levels of Wee1  .
1	We should note from equation 4 that the neural network model is similar in functional form to the maximum entropy model   except that the neural network learns the feature functions by itself from the training data.
1	While other systems, such as  , have addressed these tasks to some degree, OPINE is the first to report results.
2	3.6 Parameter Estimation To estimate parameters k , lm, and um, we adopt the approach of minimum error rate training   that is popular in SMT  .
2	To overcome this problem, sliding mode control has been widely used as one of the precise and robust algorithms  .
1	Grammar rules were induced with the syntaxbased SMT system SAMT described in  , which requires initial phrase alignments that we generated with GIZA++  , and syntactic parse trees of the target training sentences, generated by the Stanford Parser   pre-trained on the Penn Treebank.
1	In Section 3 we then describe the probabilistic taxonomy learning model introduced by  .
1	The approaches proposed to the ACE RDC task such as kernel methods   and Maximum Entropy methods   required the availability of large set of human annotated corpora which are tagged with relation instances.
1	Then the alignments are symmetrized using a refined heuristic as described in  .
1	9  report that, for translation reranking, such local updates   outperform bold updates  .
1	Note that this early discarding is related to ideas behind cube pruning  , which generates the top n most promising hypotheses, but in our method the decision not to generate hypotheses is guided by the quality of hypotheses on the result stack.
1	Large volumes of training data of this kind are indispensable for constructing statistical translation models  , acquiring bilingual lexicon  , and building example-based machine translation   systems  .
1	To tackle this problem, we defined 2The best results of Collins and Roark     are achieved when the parser utilizes the information about the final punctuation and the look-ahead.
1	of Words Person names 803 1749 Organization names 312 867 Location names 345 614 The BLEU score   with a single reference translation was deployed for evaluation.
1	Since the introduction of BLEU   the basic n-gram precision idea has been augmented in a number of ways.
1	Other corpus-based methods determine associations between words  , which yields a basis for computing thesauri, or dictionaries of terminological expressions and multiword lexemes  .
1	Moreover, the inference procedure for each sentence pair is non-trivial, proving NP-complete for learning phrase based models   or a high order polynomial  )1 for a sub-class of weighted synchronous context free grammars  .
1	The dependency trees induced when each rewrite rule in an i-th order LCFRS distinguish a unique head can similarly be characterized by being of gap-degree i, so that i is the maximum number of gaps that may appear between contiguous substrings of any subtree in the dependency tree  .
1	ascaded models for fine-to-coarse sentiment analysis were studied by Pang and Lee  
1	As in the work of  , each word or punctuation mark within a sentence is labeled with IOB tag together with its function type.
1	Finally, following Haghighi and Klein   and Johnson   we can instead insist that at most one HMM state can be mapped to any part-of-speech tag.
0	For example, we would like to know that if a   7We also tried using word clusters   instead of POS but found that POS was more helpful.
1	2.4 Syntactic Similarity We have incorporated, with minor modifications, some of the syntactic metrics described by Liu and Gildea   and Amigo et al.
1	In Section 3 we review  s method for recovering English NLDs in treebank-based LFG approximations.
1	The parser has been trained, developed and tested on a large collection of syntactically analyzed sentences, the Penn Treebank  .
1	It is based on code and ideas from the system of Ponzetto and Strube  , but also includes some ideas from GUITAR   and other coreference systems  .
1	  also worked on one of our data sets.
1	For example, in the WSJ corpus, part of the Penn Treebank 3 release  , the string in   is a variation 12-gram since off is a variation nucleus that in one corpus occurrence is tagged as a preposition  , while in another it is tagged as a particle  .
0	4.3 Relaxing Length Restrictions Increasing the maximum phrase length in standard phrase-based translation does not improve BLEU  .
1	he studies presented by Goldwater and Griffiths   and Johnson   differed in the number of states that they used
1	In analyzing opinions  , judging document-level subjectivity  , and answering opinion questions  , the output of a sentence-level subjectivity classification can be used without modification.
1	These joint counts are estimated using the phrase induction algorithm described in  , with symmetrized word alignments generated using IBM model 2  .
2	The current state of the art is represented by the so-called phrase-based translation approach  .
1	Maximum Entropy Modeling As previously indicated, the weight-based scheme of L&L suggests MaxEnt modeling   as a particularly natural choice for a machine learning approach.
2	” This is a highly reliable prognostic marker in colorectal cancer and is currently being investigated for use in other tumor types  .
1	olan   described a heuristic approach to forming unlabeled clusters of closely related senses in a MRD
2	To alleviate this effort, various semi-supervised learning algorithms such as self-training  , cotraining  , transductive SVM   and many others have been proposed and successfully applied under different assumptions and settings.
1	3 Baseline MT System The phrase-based SMT system used in our experiments is Moses, phrase translation pro ing probabilities, and languag ties are combined in the log-linear model to obtain the best translation best e  of the source sentence f :  =  = M p | )  m mm h 1 , e e  The weights are set by a discriminative training method using a held-out data set as describ in  .
1	Words are encoded through an automatic clustering algorithm   while tags, labels and extensions are normally encoded using diagonal bits.
1	The model scaling factors are optimized on the development corpus with respect to mWER similar to  .
1	Ramshaw and Marcus   state that a baseNP aims to identify essentially the initial portions of nonrecursive noun phrases up to the head, including determiners but not including postmodifying prepositional phrases or clauses . However, work on baseNPs has essentially always proceeded via algorithmic extraction from fully parsed corpora such as the Penn Treebank.
1	The detailed algorithm can be found in  .
1	??Initial phrase pairs are identified following the procedure typically employed in phrase based systems  .
1	Only recently have robust knowledge-based methods for some of these tasks begun to appear, and their performance is still not very good, as seen above in our discussion of using WordNet as a semantic network; 33 as for checking the plausibility of a hypothesis on the basis of causal knowledge about the world, we now have a much better theoretical grasp of how such inferences could be made  , but we are still quite a long way from a general inference engine.
1	Several incremental parsing methods have been proposed so far  .
1	The Collins parser   does use dynamic programming in its search.
1	Portage is a statistical phrase-based SMT system similar to Pharaoh  .
1	We used pointwise mutual information   to obtain these distances.
2	This type of direct optimization is known as Minimum Error Rate Training   in the MT community, and is an essential component in building the stateof-art MT systems.
1	4.3 Corpora The evaluations of the different models were carried out on the Penn Wall Street Journal corpus   for English, and the Tiger treebank   for German.
2	3.2 Statistical Learning Model 3.2.1 Nave Bayes Learning Nave Bayes learning has been widely used in natural language processing with good results such as statistical syntactic parsing  , hidden language understanding  .
1	Therefore, other machine learning techniques such as perceptron   could also be applied for this problem.
1	The skip-chain CRFs   model the long distance dependency between context and answer sentences and the 2D CRFs   model the dependency between contiguous questions.
1	Bitexts also play a role in less automated applications such as concordancing for bilingual lexicography  , computer-assisted language learning, and tools for translators (e.g.
1	A model was trained using Maximum Likelihood from the UPenn Treebank  .
1	so they conform to the Penn Treebank corpus   annotation style, and then do experiments using models built with Treebank data.
1	he other approach selected was Yarowsky's unsupervised algorithm  
1	We use the GIZA++ implementation of IBM Model 4   coupled with the phrase extraction heuristics of Koehn et al.
1	For example, the adjective unpredictable may have a negative orientation in an automotive review, in a phrase such as unpredictable steering, but it could have a positive orientation in a movie review, in a phrase such as unpredictable plot, as mentioned in   in the context of his sentiment word detection.
1	Actually, now that SMT has reached some maturity, we see several attempts to integrate more structure into these systems, ranging from simple hierarchical alignment models   to syntax-based statistical systems  .
1	Using this heuristic, BABAR identifies existential definite NPs in the training corpus using our previous learning algorithm   and resolves all occurrences of the same existential NP with each another.
1	For instance, the resulting word graph can be used in the prediction engine of a CAT system  .
1	ang and Lee   applied two different classifiers to perform sentiment annotation in two sequential steps: the first classifier separated subjective   texts from objective   ones and then they used the second classifier to classify the subjective texts into positive and negative
1	First, we extend the mechanism of adding gap variables for nodes dominating a site of discontinuity  .
1	In this paper, we used CTB 5.0   as our main corpus, defined the training, development and test sets according to  , and designed our experiments to explore the impact of the training corpus size on our approach.
1	As in  , confusion networks built around all skeletons are joined into a lattice which is expanded and rescored with language models.
2	This is analogous, and in a certain sense equivalent, to empirical risk minimization, which has been used successfully in related areas, such as speech recognition  , language modeling  , and machine translation  .
1	There has been a sizable amount of research on structure induction ranging fromlinearsegmentation tocontent modeling  .
1	The forest representation was obtained by adopting chart generation   where ambiguous candidates are packed into an equivalence class and mapping a chart into a forest in the same way as parsing.
1	  2.3 Reliability To evaluate the reliability of the annotation, we use the kappa coe cient    , which measures pairwise agreement between a set of coders making category judgements, correcting for expected chance agreement.
1	Meanwhile, it is common for NP chunking tasks to represent a chunk   with two labels, the begin   and inside   of a chunk  .
1	The optimal weights for the different columns can then be assigned with the help of minimum error rate training  .
1	Algorithm 1 SCL   1: Select m pivot features.
1	1 Introduction Recently, researchers have developed algorithms that learn to map natural language sentences to representations of their underlying meaning  .
1	.3 Grid Line Search Our implementation of a grid search is a modified version of that proposed in  
1	ur method was applied to 23 million words of the WSJ that were automatically tagged with Ratnaparkhi's maximum entropy tagger   and chunked with the partial parser CASS  
1	Nevertheless, as   and others have argued, semantic representations for natural language need not be higher-order in that ontological promiscuity can solve the problem.
2	The best examples of this approach has been the resent work of Yarowsky  ,  ,  .
1	In WASP, GIZA++   is used to obtain the best alignments from the training examples.
2	Quality of the analyzed RNA samples was evaluated using electropherograms obtained from microcapillary electrophoresis microcapillary electrophoretic RNA separation   showed higher sensitivity for the assessment of RNA quality  .
2	As reported in  , parameter averaging can effectively avoid overfitting.
1	The judges had an acceptable 0.74 mean  agreement   for the assignment of the primary class, but a meaningless 0.21 for the secondary class  .
1	A reranking parser  ) is a layered model: the base layer is a generative statistical PCFG parser that creates a ranked list of k parses  , and the second layer is a reranker that reorders these parses using more detailed features.
1	We have implemented a parallel version of our GIS code using the MPICH library  , an open-source implementation of the Message Passing Interface   standard.
1	  s in Equation 1 are the weights of different feature functions, learned to maximize development set BLEU scores using a method similar to  .
1	We use a statistical POS tagging system built on Arabic Treebank data with MaxEnt framework  .
2	Two popular techniques that incorporate the error criterion are Minimum Error Rate Training     and Minimum BayesRisk   decoding  .
1	Preparing an aligned abbreviation corpus, we obtain the optimal combination of the features by using the maximum entropy framework  .
1	Actually, it is defined similarly to the translation model in SMT  .
1	3.2 Word Order Differences Another problem that has been noticed as early as 1993 with the first research on word alignment   concerns the differences in word order between source and target language.
2	Many aspects of successful programs are being tackled through studies ranging from social acceptance and carbon accounting to silvicultural management strategies  .
1	??search engines: Turney   uses the Altavista web browser, while we consider and combine the frequency information acquired from three web search engines.
1	It is an important and growing field of natural language processing with applications in areas such as transferbased machine translation   and sentence condensation  .
1	The supervised component is Collins parser  , trained on the Wall Street Journal.
2	is more dialectical and better able to accommodate coexisting opposites    .
2	If medical evaluation reveals systemic lymphoma, treatment of the ocular disease is secondary to systemic treatment  .  The effectiveness of EBRT for the treatment of lymphoma of the eye and its adnexa has been widely documented.
1	In particular, we use a randomly-selected corpus the first five columns as information-like. consisting of a 6.7 million word subset of the TREC Similarly, since the last four columns share databases  .
1	To tune feature weights minimum error rate training is used  , optimized against the Neva metric  .
1	For this we aligned 170,863 pairs of Arabic/English newswire sentences from LDC, trained a state-of-the-art syntax-based statistical machine translation system   on these sentences and alignments, and measured BLEU scores   on a separate set of 1298 newswire test sentences.
1	Semantic classification programs   use statistical information based on cooccurrence with appropriate marker words to partition a set of words into semantic groups or classes.
1	e follow Collins   and Sha and Pereira   in using section 21 as a heldout set
1	It is important to realize that the output of all mentioned processing steps is noisy and contains plenty of mistakes, since the data has huge variability in terms of quality, style, genres, domains etc., and domain adaptation for the NLP tasks involved is still an open problem  .
1	ethod Correlation Edge-counting 0.664 Jiang & Conrath   0.848 Lin   0.822 Resnik   0.745 Li et al
1	Turney   describes a method   that extracts subsequence patterns for noun pairs from a large corpus, using query expansion to increase the recall of the search and feature selection and dimensionality reduction to reduce the complexity of the feature space.
1	urney   used collocation with excellent or poor to obtain positive and negative clues for document classification
1	This has been shown both in supervised settings   and unsupervised settings   in which constraints are used to bootstrap the model.
2	Among all the automatic MT evaluation metrics, BLEU   is the most widely used.
1	4 Maxilnum Entropy The model used here for sentence-boundary detection is based on the maximum entropy model used for POS tagging in  .
1	Mihalcea   shows that Wikipedia can indeed be used as a sense inventory for sense disambiguation
0	This seems to be the main drawback of the current implementation in comparison to the method of Black Jepson  .
1	he novel idea presented in Strube & Ponzetto   was to induce a semantic network from the Wikipedia categorization graph to compute measures of semantic relatedness
2	A popular statistical machine translation paradigms is the phrase-based model  .
1	In the following sections, we will use 2 statistics to measure the the mutual translation likelihood  .
2	For the word alignment, we apply standard techniques derived from statistical machine translation using the well-known IBM alignment models   implemented in the opensource tool GIZA++  .
1	As our approach for incorporating unlabeled data, we basically follow the idea proposed in  .
1	3.1 Data and Experimental Setup The data set by Pang and Lee   consists of 2000 movie reviews   from the IMDb review archive.
1	esearchers have mostly looked at representing words by their surrounding words   and by their syntactical contexts  
1	The main application of these techniques to written input has been in the robust, lexical tagging of corpora with part-of-speech labels  .
1	1 Introduction Sentence-aligned parallel bilingual corpora have been essential resources for statistical machine translation  , and many other multi-lingual natural language processing applications.
2	The most commonly used MT evaluation metric in recent years has been IBMs Bleu metric  .
1	WSD has received increasing attention in recent literature on computational linguistics  .
1	Recent lexicalized stochastic parsers such as Collins  , Charniak  , and others add additional features to each constituent, the most important being the head word of the parse constituent.
1	This is in contrast to work by researchers such as Schiitze and Pedersen  , Brown et al   and Futrelle and Gauch  , where it is often the most frequent words in the lexicon which are clustered, predominantly with the purpose of determining their grammatical classes.
2	…the second most stably expressed gene identified in our study, α-tub, has been shown to be stably expressed during development in Orobanche  , cucumber  , sunflower  , and aphid infestation of chrysanthemum  .
1	See Hobbs   for explanation of this notation for events
1	Among various language modeling approaches, ngram modeling has been widely used in many applications, such as speech recognition, machine translation  .
1	Sum of logarithms of source-to-target lexical weighting  .
1	3 Tagging 3.1 Corpus To facilitate comparison with previous results, we used the UPenn Treebank corpus  .
1	Recent work on reordering has been on trying to find smart ways to decide word order, using syntactic features such as POS tags   , parse trees   to name just a few, and synchronized CFG  , again to name just a few.
1	5 Datasets For evaluation we selected two domain adaptation datasets: spam   and sentiment  .
1	The publicly available Moses4 decoder is used for training and decoding  .
2	Although state-of-the-art statistical parsers   are more accurate, the simplicity and efficiency of deterministic parsers make them attractive in a number of situations requiring fast, light-weight parsing, or parsing of large amounts of data.
1	Related Works Generally speaking, approaches to MWE extraction proposed so far can be divided into three categories: a) statistical approaches based on frequency and co-occurrence affinity, b) knowledgebased or symbolic approaches using parsers, lexicons and language filters, and c) hybrid approaches combining different methods  .
1	However, to what extent that assumption holds is tested only on a small number of language pairs using hand aligned data  .
1	The ITG we apply in our experiments has more structural labels than the primitive bracketing grammar: it has a start symbol S, a single preterminal C, and two intermediate nonterminals A and B used to ensure that only one parse can generate any given word-level alignment, as discussed by Wu   and Zens and Ney  .
1	To determine the target distribution we classified 171   randomly selected utterances from the TownInfo data, that were used as a development set.2 In Table 1 we can see that 15.2 % of the trees in the artificial corpus will be NP NSUs.3 4 Data generation We constructed our artificial corpus from sections 2 to 21 of the Wall Street Journal   section of the Penn Treebank corpus   2We discarded very short utterances   since they dont need parsing.
1	As a baseline model we used a maximum entropy tagger, very similar to the one described in  .
1	Introduction Since Eric Brill first introduced the method of Transformation-Based Learning   it has been used to learn rules for many natural language processing tasks, such as part-of-speech tagging \ .
1	We use the IBM Model 1     and the Hidden Markov Model  ) to estimate the alignment model.
0	While word and phrasal paraphrases can be assimilated to the well-studied notion of synonymy, sentencelevel paraphrasingis moredifficult to grasp and cannot be equated with word-for-word or phrase-by-phrase substitution since it might entail changes in the structure of the sentence  .
1	In TAC 2008 Summarization track, all submitted runs were scored with the ROUGE   and Basic Elements   metrics  .
1	The weights 1,,M are typically learned to directly minimize a standard evaluation criterion on development data  ) using numerical search  .
1	More recently, other approaches have investigated the use of machine learning to nd patterns in documents  and the utility of parameterized modules so as to deal with dierent genres or corpora .
1	Most of this work has so far focused either on post-processing to recover non-local dependencies from context-free parse trees  , or on incorporating nonlocal dependency information in nonterminal categories in constituency representations   or in the categories used to label arcs in dependency representations  .
1	Here, we extract part-of-speech tags from the Collins parsers output   for section 23 instead of reinventing a tagger.
1	This method of co-training has been previously applied to a variety of natural language tasks, such as word sense disambiguation  , lexicon construction for information extraction  , and named entity classification  .
2	One popular approach is to use a log-linear parsing model and maximise the conditional likelihood function  .
1	We present two approaches to SMT-based query expansion, both of which are implemented in the framework of phrase-based SMT  .
1	Based on these grammars, a great number of SMT models have been recently proposed, including string-to-string model    , tree-to-string model    , string-totree model    , tree-to-tree model     and so on.
1	We also record for each token its derivational root, using the CELEX  database.
1	accuracy Training data Turney   66% unsupervised Pang & Lee   87.15% supervised Aue & Gamon   91.4% supervised SO 73.95% unsupervised SM+SO to increase seed words, then SO 74.85% weakly supervised Table 7: Classification accuracy on the movie review domain Turney   achieves 66% accuracy on the movie review domain using the PMI-IR algorithm to gather association scores from the web.
2	When tested on f-structures for all sentences from Section 23 of the Penn Wall Street Journal   treebank  , the techniques described in this paper improve BLEU score from 66.52 to 68.82.
1	lmost all recent work in developing automatically trained part-of-speech taggers has been on further exploring Markovmodel based tagging  
1	The likelihood ratio is obtained by treating word and Ic as a bigram and computed with the formula in  .
1	Besides being linguistically motivated, the need for EDL is also supported by empirical findings in MT that one-level rules are often inadequate  .
1	.2 Inversion Transduction Grammar Wu  s inversion transduction grammar   is a synchronous grammar formalism in which derivations of sentence pairs correspond to alignments
1	The block set is generated using a phrase-pair selection algorithm similar to  , which includes some heuristic filtering to mal statement here.
1	3.1 Golden-standard-based criteria In the domain of machine translation systems, an increasingly accepted way to measure the quality of a system is to compare the outputs it produces with a set of reference translations, considered as an approximation of a golden standard  .
1	5.1 Baseline System We trained Moses on all Spanish-English Europarl sentences up to length 20   using GIZA++ Model 4 word alignments and the growdiag-final-and combination heuristic  , which performed better than any alternative combination heuristic.13 The baseline estimates   come fromextractingphrasesuptolength7fromtheword alignment.
2	Although themajority of studies have shown that dot probe bias scores have very low reliability, the results of Bar-Haim et al.   and Enock et al.   are promising in that they provide empirical evidence that dot probe scores can be somewhat more reliable in certain contexts.
1	For English, we used the Penn Treebank   in our experiments and the tool Penn2Malt7 to convert the data into dependency structures using a standard set of head rules  .
1	Standard SMT alignment models   are used to align letter-pairs within named entity pairs for transliteration.
1	For each differently tokenized corpus, we computed word alignments by a HMM translation model   and by a word alignment refinement heuristic of grow-diagfinal  .
1	In constrast with many previous approaches  , our model does not try to capture how Source sentences can be mapped into Target sentences, but rather how Source and Target sentences can be generated simultaneously.
2	The Penn TreeBank   is an example of such a resource with worldwide impact on natural language processing  .
1	2 Related Work Previous studies on entailment, inference rules, and paraphrase acquisition are roughly classified into those that require comparable corpora   and those that do not  .
1	Like baseNP chunking , content chunk parsing is also a kind of shallow parsing.
2	After the success in syntactic  ) and propositional encodings  ), more sophisticated semantic data   or opinion annotations  ) and discourse data   and rhetorical parsing  ) are being generated.
1	ahill and van Genabith   attain 98.2% coverage and a BLEU score of 0.6652 on the standard WSJ test set  
2	10Our experiments have shown that using averaging helps tremendously, confirming both the theoretical and practical results of  .
1	For scoring MT outputs, the proposed RSCM uses a score based on a translation model called IBM4     and a score based on a language model for the translation target language  .
1	For instance, about 38% of verbs in the training sections of the Penn Treebank     occur only once  the lexical properties of these verbs   cannot be represented accurately in a model trained exclusively on the Penn Treebank.
1	Measurement of B.eliability The Kappa Statistic Following Jean Carletta  , we use the kappa statistic   to measure degree of agreement among subjects.
1	Automatic Evaluation Measures A variety of automatic evaluation methods have been recently proposed in the machine translation community  .
2	Then, the SVM, which has been proven to have high efficiency in classifying the high-dimensional feature in previous studies  , was applied to our proposed model to identify the urban land use types in the TAZs.
2	Lately, interesting reports have been issued on prognostic significance of beta-catenin nuclear expression in colon cancers  .
1	For instance, work has been done in Chinese using the Penn Chinese Treebank  , in Czech using the Prague Dependency Treebank  , in French using the French Treebank  , in German using the Negra Treebank  , and in Spanish using the UAM Spanish Treebank  .
1	Post-editing of automatic annotation has been pursued in various projects  .
1	owever morphosyntactic features alone cannot verify the terminological status of the units extracted since they can also select non terms  
1	This logistic regression is also called Maxent as it finds the distribution with maximum entropy that properly estimates the average of each feature over the training data  .
1	Other work aims to do truly unsupervised learning of taggers, such as Goldwater and Griffiths   and Johnson  .
1	Various clustering techniques have been proposed   which perform automatic word clustering optimizing a maximum-likelihood criterion with iterative clustering algorithms.
1	We use a bootstrap approach in which we first extract 1-to-n word alignments using an existing word aligner, and then estimate the confidence of those alignments to decide whether or not the n words have to be grouped; if so, this group is conwould thus be completely driven by the bilingual alignment process   for related considerations).
1	Non-anaphoric definite descriptions have been detected using heuristics  ) and unsupervised methods  ).
1	There has thus been a trend recently towards robust wide-coverage semantic construction  ).
1	4 Data analysis To test the reliability of the annotation, we first considered the kappa statistic   which is used extensively in empirical studies of discourse  .
1	hurch and Hanks   employed mutual information to extract both adjacent and distant bi-grams that tend to co-occur within a fixed-size window
1	Fortunately, Wu   provides a method to have an ITG respect a known partial structure.
1	However, since we are interested in the word counts that correlate to w, we adopt the concept of the translation model proposed by Brown et al  .
1	960 1.2 Alignment with Mixture Distribution Several papers have discussed the first issue, especially the problem of word alignments for bilingual corpora  ,  ,  ,  ,  .
1	4.1 Training The training procedure is identical to the factored phrase-based training described in  .
1	1 Introduction The Inversion Transduction Grammar or ITG formalism, which historically was developed in the context of translation and alignment, hypothesizes strong expressiveness restrictions that constrain paraphrases to vary word order only in certain allowable nested permutations of arguments  .
1	Therefore, including a model based on surface forms, as suggested  , is also necessary.
1	4 Experiments The experiments described here were conducted using the Wall Street Journal Penn Treebank corpus  .
1	Models of translational equivalence that are ignorant of indirect associations have ""a tendency  to be confused by collocates""  .
1	However, most of the existing models have been developed for English and trained on the Penn Treebank  , which raises the question whether these models generalize to other languages, and to annotation schemes that differ from the Penn Treebank markup.
1	1 Introduction Sentiment analysis have been widely conducted in several domains such as movie reviews, product reviews, news and blog reviews  .
1	He uses a specic reliability statistic, , for his measurements, but Carletta   implicitly assumes kappa-like metrics are similar enough in practice for the rule of thumb to apply to them as well.A detailed discussion on the differences and similarities of these, and other, measures is provided by Krippendorff  ; in this article we will use Cohens    to investigate the value of the 0.8 reliability cut-off for computational linguistics.
1	These models include a standard unlexicalized PCFG parser, a head-lexicalized parser  , and a maximum-entropy inspired parser  .
1	Dependency models   use the parsed dependency structure of sentences to build the language model as in grammatical trigrams  , structured language models  , and dependency language models  .
1	On the other hand, statistical MT employing IBM models   translates an input sentence by the combination of word transfer and word re-ordering.
1	Translation accuracy is measured in terms of the BLEU score  , which is computed here for translations generated by using the tuple n-gram model alone, in the case of Table 2, and by using the tuple n-gram model along with the additional four feature functions described in Section 3.2, in the case of Table 3.
1	These include the perceptron   and its large-margin variants  .
2	1 Motivation A major component in phrase-based statistical Machine translation     is the table of conditional probabilities of phrase translation pairs.
1	Many studies and improvements have been conducted for  Presently with Service Media Laboratory, Corporate ResearchandDevelopmentCenter, OkiElectricIndustry Co. ,Ltd. POS tagging, and major methods of POS tagging achieve an accuracy of 9697% on the Penn Treebank WSJ corpus, but obtaining higher accuracies is difficult  .
1	Our evaluation metric is BLEU-4  , as calculated by the script mteval-v11b.pl with its default setting except that we used case-sensitive matching of n-grams.
1	5 Data Sets and Supervised Tagger 5.1 Source Domain: WSJ We used sections 02-21 of the Penn Treebank   for training.
1	The second attempts to instill knowledge of collocations in the data; we use the technique described by   to compute multi-word expressions and then mark words that are commonly used as such with a feature that expresses this fact.
1	The difficulty of this task is that the standard method for converting NER to a sequence tagging problem with BIOencoding  , where each 1http://www.nist.gov/speech/tests/ace/ index.htm token is assigned a tag to indicate whether it is at the beginning  , inside  , or outside   of an entity, is not directly applicable when tokens belong to more than one entity.
1	In the following, we summarize the optimization algorithm for the unsmoothed error counts presented in   and the implementation detailed in  .
1	Each element of the resulting vector was replaced with its log-likelihood value   which can be considered as an estimate of how surprising or distinctive a co-occurrence pair is  .
0	If we consider these probabilities as a vector, the similarities of two English words can be obtained by computing the dot product of their corresponding vectors.2 The formula is described below: similarity  = Nsummationdisplay k=1 p p    Paraphrasing methods based on monolingual parallel corpora such as   can also be used to compute the similarity ratio of two words, but they dont have as rich training resources as the bilingual methods do.
1	Initial estimates of lexical translation probabilities came from the IBM Model 4 translation tables produced by GIZA++  .
1	Yarowsky   has proposed automatically augmenting a small set of experimenter-supplied seed collocations   into a much larger set of training materials.
0	While both   and   propose models which use the parameters of the generative model but train to optimize a discriminative criteria, neither proposes training algorithms which are computationally tractable enough to be used for broad coverage parsing.
1	2.1 Alignment Sentences from different systems are aligned in pairs using a modified version of the METEOR   matcher.
2	The baseline we measure against in all of these experiments is the state-of-the-art grow-diag-final   alignment refinement heuristic commonly used in phrase-based SMT  .
1	or cooking, which agrees with the knowledge presented in previous work  .
1	Similar to, e.g.,  , we use a Naive Bayes algorithm trained on word features cooccurring with the subjective and the objective classifications.
1	1 Introduction Since the introduction of the BLEU metric  , statistical MT systems have moved away from human evaluation of their performance and towards rapid evaluation using automatic metrics.
1	Even though there are some studies that compare the results from statistically computed association measures with word association norms from psycholinguistic experiments   there has not been any research on the usage of a digital, network-based dictionary reflecting the organisation of the mental lexicon to our knowledge.
1	Previous research has focused on classifying subjective-versus-objective expressions  , and also on accurate sentiment polarity assignment  .
1	To avoid this problem, we sample from a space of probable alignments, as is done in IBM models 3 and above  , and weight counts based on the likelihood of each alignment sampled under the current probability model.
1	Reliability metrics   are designed to give a robust measure of how well distinct sets of data agree with, or replicate, one another.
1	As our basic data source, we use 500 000 sentences from the Wikipedia XML corpus  ; this is the corpus used by Akhmatova and Dras  , and related to one used in one set of experiments by Snow et al.
1	5 Previous Work The LEAF model is inspired by the literature on generative modeling for statistical word alignment and particularly by Model 4  .
0	Riezler and Maxwell   do not achieve higher BLEU scores, but do score better according to human grammaticality judgments for in-coverage cases.
1	Starting from a word-based alignment for each pair of sentences, the training for the algorithm accepts all contiguous bilingual phrase pairs   whose words are only aligned with each other  .
1	3.3 Accuracy Results   describe a model for unknown words that uses four features, but treats the features ms independent.
2	5 External Knowledge Sources 5.1 Lexical Dependencies Features derived from n-grams of words and tags in the immediate vicinity of the word being tagged have underpinned the world of POS tagging for many years  , and have proven to be useful features in WSD  .
1	They can be seen as extensions of the simpler IBM models 1 and 2  .
1	ence we use a beam-search decoder during training and testing; our idea is similar to that of Collins and Roark   who used a beam-search decoder as part of a perceptron parsing model
1	Recent computational work either focuses on sentence subjectivity  , concentrates just on explicit statements of evaluation, such as of films  , or focuses on just one aspect of opinion, e.g.,   on adjectives.
2	Surgery, cryotherapy and brachytherapy are among the most frequently used local salvage treatment options with different degrees of success  .
1	Obviously, these productions are not in the normal form of an ITG, but with the method described in  , they can be normalized.
1	ee Weeds and Weir   for an overview of other measures
2	1 Introduction Phrase-based systems   are probably the most widespread class of Statistical Machine Translation systems, and arguably one of the most successful.
1	 , is to translate dependency parses into neo-Davidsonian-style quasilogical forms, and to perform weighted abductive theorem proving in the tradition of  .
1	Variational Bayes for ITG Goldwater and Griffiths   and Johnson   show that modifying an HMM to include a sparse prior over its parameters and using Bayesian estimation leads to improved accuracy for unsupervised part-of-speech tagging
1	This was a difcult challenge as many participants in the task failed to obtain any meaningful gains from unlabeled data  .
0	In addition, the clustering methods used, such as HMMs and Browns algorithm  , seem unable to adequately capture the semantics of MNs since they are based only on the information of adjacent words.
1	Evaluation metrics such as BLEU   have a built-in preference for shorter translations.
1	Obviously, all these semantic resources have been acquiredusing a very differentset of processes  , tools and corpora.
1	.2.1 Inside/Outside Encoding The Inside/Outside scheme of encoding chunking states of base noun phrases was studied in Ibmlshaw and Marcus  
1	In this approach we extend the denition overlap by considering the distributional similarity   rather than identify of the words in the two denitions.
1	1087 Model 3 of   is a zero-order alignment model like Model 2 including in addition fertility paranmters.
1	For the MER training  , we modify Koehns MER trainer   to train our system.
1	Translation performance is measured using the automatic BLEU   metric, on one reference translation.
1	Examples of monolingual parallel corpora that have been used are multiple translations of classical French novels into English, and data created for machine translation evaluation methods such as Bleu   which use multiple reference translations.
2	Constraining learning by using document boundaries has been used quite effectively in unsupervised word sense disambiguation  .
2	3 CLaC-NB System: Nave Bayes Supervised statistical methods have been very successful in sentiment tagging of texts and in subjectivity detection at sentence level: on movie review texts they reach an accuracy of 85-90%   and up to 92% accuracy on classifying movie review snippets into subjective and objective using both Nave Bayes and SVM  .
2	2 Background: MaxEnt Models Maximum Entropy   models are widely used in Natural Language Processing  .
2	In our experiments, we follow Lowe and McDonald   in using the well-known log-likelihood ratio G 2  .
2	Intensive, integrated identification and management that incorporated quality improvements in clinic systems have demonstrated clinical effectiveness in broad-based primary care clinic populations  .
1	  grow the set of word links by appending neighboring points, while Och and Hey   try to avoid both horizontal and vertical neighbors.
1	It is therefore desirable to have dedicated servers to load parts of the LM3  an idea that has been exploited by  .
1	Probabilistic translation models generally seek to find the translation string e that maximizes the probability Pra5 ea6fa7, given the source string f  .
1	The use of such relations   for various purposes has received growing attention in recent research  .
1	The weights for the various components of the model   are set by minimum error rate training  .
1	The feature templates in Ratnaparkhi   that were left out were the ones that look at the previous word, the word two positions before the current, and the word two positions after the current.
1	We follow the work of   and choose the hypothesis that best agrees with other hypotheses on average as the backbone by applying Minimum Bayes Risk   decoding  .
1	For example, the topics Sport and Education are important cues for differentiating mentions of Michael Jordan, which may refer to a basketball player, a computer science professor, etc. Second, as noted in the top WePS run  , feature development is important in achieving good coreference performance.
0	By having the advantage of leveraging large parallel corpora, the statistical MT approach outperforms the traditional transfer based approaches in tasks for which adequate parallel corpora is available  .
1	In acknowledgment of this fact, a series of conferences like Text Retrieval Conferences    , Message Understanding Conferences    , TIPSTER SUMMAC Text Summarization Evaluation  , Document Understanding Conference    , and Text Summar</context> </contexts> <marker>Voorhees, Harman, 1999</marker> <rawString>Voorhees, E. M. and Harman, D. K., 1999.
1	This analysis depends on the SPECIALIST Lexicon and the Xerox part-of-speech tagger   and provides simple noun phrases that are mapped to concepts in the UMLS Metathesaurus using MetaMap  .
1	2 Related Work Previous work on polarity disambiguation has used contextual clues and reversal words  .
1	Once we obtain the augmented phrase table, we should run the minimum-error-rate training   with the augmented phrase table such that the model parameters are properly adjusted.
2	The state-of-the-art methods for automatic MT evaluation are using an n-gram based metric represented by BLEU   and its variants.
1	Similar techniques are used in   for socalled direct translation models instead of those proposed in  .
1	Without removing them, extracted rules cannot be triggered until when completely the same strings appear in a text.4 6 Performance Evaluation We measured the performance of our robust parsing algorithm by measuring coverage and degree of overgeneration for the Wall Street Journal in the Penn Treebank  .
1	2 Statistical Machine Translation We use a log-linear approach   in which a foreign language sentence f is translated into another language, for example English, e, by seeking a maximum solution: e = argmax e wT h    where h  is a large-dimension feature vector.
1	All 8,907 articles were tagged by the Xerox Part-ofSpeech Tagger   4.
2	Among these techniques, SCL     is regarded as a promising method to tackle transfer-learning problem.
1	  where K is the number of distinct nonternfinal symbols in the gramma.r G. We ca.n expect a. very etfide.nt pa.rser tbr our pa.tterns, r The input string ca.n a.lso be scanned to reduce the number of relewmt gramma.r rules before pa.rsing, e The combined process is a.lso known as offlineparsing in LTAC,.
1	These models can be tuned using minimum error rate training  .
1	However,   found that it is actually harmful to restrict phrases to constituents in parse trees, because the restriction would cause the system to miss many reliable translations, such as the correspondence between there is in English and es gibt   in German.
1	Introduction The Inversion Transduction Grammar   of Wu   is a syntactically motivated algorithm for producing word-level alignments of pairs of translationally equivalent sentences in two languages
1	5 Results The model summaries were compared against 24 summaries generated automatically using SUMMA by calculating ROUGE-1 to ROUGE4, ROUGE-L and ROUGE-W-1.2 recall metrics  .
1	Words appearing in similax grammatical contexts are assumed to be similar, and therefore classified into the same class  .
1	For the named entity features, we used a fairly standard feature set, similar to those described in  .
1	A possible solution to his problem might be the use of more general morphological rules like those used in part-of-speech tagging models  ), where all suffixes up to a certain length are included.
2	Turning off the extensions to GIZA++ and training p0 as in   produces a substantial increase in AER.
1	In particular, we use the name/instance lists described by   and available on Fleischmans web page to generate features between names and nominals  .
1	Estimation of the parameters has been described elsewhere  .
1	In particular, since we treat each individual speech within a debate as a single document, we are considering a version of document-level sentiment-polarity classification, namely, automatically distinguishing between positive and negative documents  .
0	Unlike well-known bootstrapping approaches  , EM and CE have the possible advantage of maintaining posteriors over hidden labels   throughout learning; bootstrapping either chooses, for each example, a single label, or remains completely agnostic.
2	1 Introduction We have seen rapid recent progress in machine translation through the use of rich features and the development of improved decoding algorithms, often based on grammatical formalisms.1 If we view MT as a machine learning problem, features and formalisms imply structural independence assumptions, which are in turn exploited by efficient inference algorithms, including decoders  .
1	Examples of such methods are the introduction of information weights as in the NIST measure or the comparison of stems or synonyms, as in METEOR  .
1	This permits us to make exact comparisons with the parser of Yamada and Matsumoto  , but also the parsers of Collins   and Charniak  , which are evaluated on the same data set in Yamada and Matsumoto  .
1	In contrast, approaches to WSD attempt to take advantage of many different sources of information  ); it seems possible to obtain benefit from sources ranging from local collocational clues   to membership in semantically or topically related word classes   to consistency of word usages within a discourse  ; and disambignation seems highly lexically sensitive, in effect requiring specialized disamhignators for each polysemous word.
1	Our corpora were automatically aligned with Giza++   in both directions between source and target and symmetrised using the intersection heuristic  .
1	For comparison, Haghighi and Klein   report an unsupervised baseline of 41.3%, and a best result of 80.5% from using hand-labeled prototypes and distributional similarity.
1	Movie-review dataset consists of positive and negative reviews from the Internet Movie Database   archive  .
2	3 Experiments We evaluated the effect of random feature mixing on four popular learning methods: Perceptron, MIRA  , SVM and Maximum entropy; with 4 NLP datasets: 20 Newsgroups1, Reuters  , Sentiment   and Spam  .
1	e follow   in using a tree kernel to represent structural information using the subtree that covers a pronoun and its antecedent candidate
1	One approach to translate terms consists in using a domain-specific parallel corpus with standard alignment techniques   to mine new translations.
2	The Gaussian prior   has been found in practice to be very effective in combating overfitting of the parameters to the training data  .
1	  proposed sentence alignment techniques based on dynamic programming, using sentence length and lexical mapping information.
0	This approach addresses the problematic aspects of both pure knowledge-based generation   and pure statistical bag generation    .
2	Bootstrapping methods similar to ours have been shown to be competitive in word sense disambiguation  .
1	4.2 Experiments on SRL dataset We used two different corpora: PropBank along with Penn Treebank 2   and FrameNet.
2	2.2 Perceptron-based training To tune the parameters w of the model, we use the averaged perceptron algorithm   because of its efficiency and past success on various NLP tasks  .
1	In order to objectively evaluate our representation, we derived it from two different sources: constituency parse trees  ) and dependency parse trees  )1.
1	One aspect of VPCs that makes them dicult to extract  ) is that the verb and particle can be non-contiguous, e.g. hand the paper in and battle right on.
1	Tag sets for English are derived from the Penn Treebank  .
1	Both were 5gram models with modified Kneser-Ney smoothing, lossily compressed using a perfect-hashing scheme similar to that of Talbot and Brants   but using minimal perfect hashing  .
1	Like the models of Goodman  , the additional features in our model are generated probabilistically, whereas in the parser of Collins   distance measures are assumed to be a function of the already generated structure and are not generated explicitly.
2	For some PESP-models, the genetic algorithm that has been proposed by Nachtigall and Voget  , constitutes a competitive alternative  .
1	It is also related to  linear models described in Berger, Della Pietra, and Della Pietra  , Xue  ; Och  , and Peng, Feng, and McCallum  .
1	We augment Collins head-driven model 2   to incorporate a semantic label on each internal node.
1	Feature selection methods have been proposed in the maximum-entropy literature by several authors  .
1	On the other hand, works done by   have proposed methodologies to automatically acquire these patterns mostly based on supervised learning to leverage manual work.
1	4 Experimental Set-up For the experiments, we use the WSJ portion of the Penn tree bank  , using the standard train/development/test splits, viz 39,832 sentences from 2-21 sections, 2416 sentences from section 23 for testing and 1,700 sentences from section 22 for development.
1	In this paper we present MapReduce implementations of training algorithms for two kinds of models commonly used in statistical MT today: a phrasebased translation model   and word alignment models based on pairwise lexical translation trained using expectation maximization  .
1	Computational linguistics research generally attaches great value to high kappa measures  , which indicate high human agreement on a particular task.
1	Since Chinese text is not orthographically separated into words, the standard methodology is to first preproce~ input texts through a segmentation module  .
1	In Step 3, a simple perceptron update   is performed.
1	\ ), training on a corpus of one type and then applying the tagger to a corpus of a different type usually results in a tagger with low accuracy \ .
1	Some researchers   have explored the use of Wikipedia information to improve the disambiguation process.
1	We thus propose to adapt the statistical machine translation model   for SMS text normalization.
2	Indeed, the proposed speech translation paradigm of log-linear models have been shown e ective in many applications      .
1	Salience Feature Pronoun Name Nominal TOP 0.75 0.17 0.08 HIGH 0.55 0.28 0.17 MID 0.39 0.40 0.21 LOW 0.20 0.45 0.35 NONE 0.00 0.88 0.12 Table 2: Posterior distribution of mention type given salience  ) 3.3 Modifications to the H&K Model Next, we discuss the potential weaknesses of H&Ks model and propose three modifications to it.
1	The lexicalized PCFG that sits behind Model 2 of   has rules of the form P ~ LnLn-I""'"" LIHRI"""".Rn-IRn   S  NP  VP  NNP I Apple MD VP   VB PRT  NP  I \[ I buy RP NNP I I out Microsoft Figure 1: A sample sentence with parse tree.
1	tandard data sets for machine learning approaches to this task were put forward by Ramshaw and Marcus  
2	3 Extending Bleu and Ter with Flexible Matching Many widely used metrics like Bleu   and Ter   are based on measuring string level similarity between the reference translation and translation hypothesis, just like Meteor . Most of them, however, depend on finding exact matches between the words in two strings.
1	The statistical approach involves the following: alignment of bilingual texts at the sentence level nsing statistical techniques  , Gale and Church  , Chen  , and Kay and RSscheisen  ), statistical machine translation models (e.g. Brown, Cooke, Pietra, Pietra et al.
0	Although we see statistically significant improvements  , the quality of the parsers is still quite poor, in contrast to other applications of bootstrapping which rival supervised methods  .
1	2 System Description 2.1 Data Representation In this paper, we change the representation of the original data as follows: Bracketed representation of roles is converted into IOB2 representation   Word tokens are collapsed into base phrase   tokens.
1	The best prosodic label sequence is then, L = argmax L nproductdisplay i P    To estimate the conditional distribution P  we use the general technique of choosing the maximum entropy   distribution that estimates the average of each feature over the training data  .
0	Li and Roth demonstrated that their shallow parser, trained to label shallow constituents along the lines of the well-known CoNLL2000 task  , outperformed the Collins parser in correctly identifying these constituents in the Penn Wall Street Journal   Treebank  .
1	Re-decoding   based regeneration re-decodes the source sentence using original LM as well as new trans105 lation and reordering models that are trained on the source-to-target N-best translations generated in the first pass.
1	Their experiments were performed using a decoder based on IBM Model 4 using the translation techniques developed at IBM  .
2	Phrase-based models   have been a major paradigm in statistical machine translation in the last few years, showing state-of-the-art performance for many language pairs.
2	1 Introduction Very large corpora obtained from the Web have been successfully utilized for many natural languageprocessing applications, suchasprepositional phrase   attachment, other-anaphora resolution, spellingcorrection, confusablewordsetdisambiguation and machine translation  .
1	Och   observed, however, that the piecewiseconstant property could be exploited to characterize the function exhaustively along any line in parameter space, and hence to minimize it globally along that line.
1	Analyze resulting findings to determine a progression of competence In   we discuss the initial steps we took in this process, including the development of a list of error codes documented by a coding manual, the verification of our manual and coding scheme by testing inter-coder reliability in a subset of the corpus   of a0 a1a3a2a5a4a7a6 )2, and the subsequent tagging of the entire corpus.
1	However, as Categorial Grammar formalisms do not usually change the lexical entries of words to deal with movement, but use further rules  , the lexicons learned here will be valid over corpora with movement.
1	Our first model   is based on disambiguating the MA output in the maximum entropy   framework  .
1	2.5 Model Training We adapt the Minimum Error Rate Training     algorithm to estimate parameters for each member model in co-decoding.
1	c2009 Association for Computational Linguistics Semi-supervised Training for the Averaged Perceptron POS Tagger Drahomra johanka Spoustova Jan Hajic Jan Raab Miroslav Spousta Institute of Formal and Applied Linguistics Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University Prague, Czech Republic {johanka,hajic,raab,spousta}@ ufal.mff.cuni.cz Abstract This paper describes POS tagging experiments with semi-supervised training as an extension to the   averaged perceptron algorithm, first introduced for this task by  .
1	Penn Treebank   the HPSG LinGo Redwoods Treebank  , and a smaller dependency treebank  .
2	A well-known method for use in these situations is the “randomized response technique”  , introduced by Warner  .
1	One of the steps in the analysis of English is named entity recognition using Stanford Named Entity Recognizer  .
1	Opinion forecasting differs from that of opinion analysis, such as extracting opinions, evaluating sentiment, and extracting predictions  .
2	The best previous result is an accuracy of 56.1%  .
1	A CHECK move requests the partner to confirm information that the speaker has some reason to believe, but is not entirely sure about \ .
2	4 Experiment Our baseline system is a popular phrase-based SMT system, Moses  , with 5-gram SRILM language model  , tuned with Minimum Error Training  .
0	Griffiths et al.   demonstrate that the Topic model outperforms LSA in predicting word association and several other semantic phenomena.
1	Intuitively, if we are able to find good correspondences through linking pivots, then the augmented source data should transfer better to a target domain  .
0	 , but its performance was worse than our centroid baseline.
1	We use these tuples to calculate a balanced f-score against the gold alignment tuples.4 Method Dict size f-score Gold 28 100.0 Monotone 39 68.9 IBM-1   30 80.3 IBM-4   29 86.9 IP 28 95.9 The last line shows an average f-score over the 8 tied IP solutions.
1	In addition to collocation translation, there is also some related work in acquiring phrase or term translations from parallel corpus  .
1	IBM Model 4 parameters are then estimated over this partial search space as an approximation to EM  .
2	For the multilingual dependency parsing track, which was the other track of the shared task, Nilsson et al. achieved the best performance using an ensemble method  .
1	1 Introduction Statistical machine translation   was originally focused on word to word translation and was based on the noisy channel approach  .
1	Our features were based on those in  .
1	1 Introduction Conditional Maximum Entropy   modeling has received a great amount of attention within natural language processing community for the past decade  .
1	First, we adopt an ONTOLOGICALLY PROMISCUOUS representation   that includes a wide variety of types of entities.
1	Research have also been made into alternatives to the current log-linear scoring model such as discriminative models with millions of features  , or kernel based models  .
1	.3 Systematic Sense Shift Ostler and Atkins   contend that there is strong evidence to suggest that a large part of word sense ambiguity is not arbitrary but follows regular patterns
1	Wu   demonstrated that for pairs of sentences that are less than 16 words, the ITG alignment space has a good coverage over all possibilities.
1	Attempts to alleviate this tagbottleneck i~lude tmotstr~ias   and unsupervised algorith~   Dictionary-based approaches rely on linguistic knowledge sources such as ma~l~i,~e-readable dictionaries   and WordNet   and e0(ploit these for word sense disaznbiguation.
1	DTM2, introduced in  , expresses the phrase-based translation task in a unified log-linear probabilistic framework consisting of three components:   a prior conditional distribution P0 ,   a number of feature functions i  that capture the translation and language model effects, and   the weights of the features i that are estimated under MaxEnt  , as in  : P  = P0 Z expsummationdisplay i ii    Here J is the skip reordering factor for the phrase pair captured by i  and represents the jump from the previous source word, and Z is the per source sentence normalization term.
1	IBM constraints  , the lexical word reordering model  , and inversion transduction grammar   constraints   belong to this type of approach.
1	Indeed, the result of Collins   that including low support features helps a voted perceptron model but harms a maximum entropy model is undone once the weights of the maximum entropy model are regularized.
1	We will be using the similarity metrics shown in Table 1: Cosine, the Dice and Jaccard coefficients, and Hindles   and Lins   mutual information-based metrics.
1	2.1 Data and Semantic Role Annotation Proposition Bank   adds Levins style predicate-argument annotation and indication of verbs alternations to the syntactic structures of the Penn Treebank  .
1	Similarly,   and   learn sentence level paraphrase templates from a corpus of news articles stemming from different news source.
1	Baseline Pharaoh with phrases extracted from IBM Model 4 training with maximum phrase length 7 and extraction method diag-growthfinal    Lex Phrase-decoder simulation: using only the initial lexical rules from the phrase table, all with LHS X, the Glue rule, and a binary reordering rule with its own reordering-feature  XCat All nonterminals merged into a single X nonterminal: simulation of the system Hiero  .
1	Then, the method of Smith and Smith   can be used to compute the probability of every possible edge conditioned on the presence of ki, p , using K1ki. Multiplying this probability by p  yields the desired two edge marginal.
2	Log-likelihood ratio The log-likelihood ratio statistic has been found to be accurate for modeling the associations between rare events  .
1	Four alternatives are proposed in these special issues:   Brent  ,   Briscoe and Carroll  ,   Hindle and Rooth  , and   Weischedel et al.
1	A number of other re532 searchers   have described previous work on preprocessing methods.
1	As noted in Dolan  , it is possible to run a sense-clustering algorithm on several MRDs to build an integrated lexical database with more complete coverage of word senses.
2	1 Introduction There has been a great deal of progress in statistical parsing in the past decade  .
2	We also show that integrating our case prediction model improves the quality of translation according to BLEU  g2 and human evaluation.
1	In agreement with recent resuits on parsing with lexicalised probabilistic grammars  , we find that statistics over lexical, as opposed to structural, features best correspond to human intuitive.judgments and to experimental findings.
0	…construction site visit, site trainings, computer games and simulations, and problem-based learning, Though roleplaying is not a popular pedagogical approach adopted in construction education, it has major benefits and potentials for improving students‟ learning  .
1	For instance, Hughes and Ramage   constructed a graph which represented various types of word relations from WordNet, and compared random-walk similarity to similarity assessments from humansubject trials.
1	2.1 Relationship Types There is a large body of related work that deals with discovery of basic relationship types represented in useful resources such as WordNet, including hypernymy  , synonymy   and meronymy  .
2	1 Introduction Phrase-based approaches   to statistical machine translation   have recently achieved impressive results, leading to significant improvements in accuracy over the original IBM models  .
1	Schtze, 1993) is not suited to highly skewed distributions omni-present in natural language.
1	294 Fraser and Marcu Measuring Word Alignment Quality for Statistical Machine Translation 2.2 Measuring Translation Performance Changes Caused By Alignment In phrased-based SMT   the knowledge sources which vary with the word alignment are the phrase translation lexicon   and some of the word level translation parameters  .
1	ch   found that such smoothing during training gives almost identical results on translation metrics
1	Most of the previously proposed methods to extract compounds or to measure word association using mutual information   either ignore or penalize items with low co-occurrence counts  , because MI becomes unstable when the co-occurrence counts are very small.
1	Previous workonsentimentanalysishascoveredawiderange of tasks, including polarity classification  , opinion extraction  , and opinion source assignment  .
2	Decomposing the translational equivalence relations in the training data into smaller units of knowledge can improve a models ability to generalize  .
1	The PT grammar 2 was extracted from the Penn Treebank  .
1	Indeed, as Sinopalnikova and Pavel   note, Deese   was the first to conduct linguistic analyses of word association norms, such as measurements of semantic similarity based on his convictions that similar words evoke similar word association responsesan approach that is somewhat reminiscent of Church and Hanks   notion of mutual information.
1	In this vein, the CoNLL 2008 shared task sets the challenge of learning jointly both syntactic dependencies   ) and semantic dependencies   c2008.
1	Kim and Hovy   proposed a method for extracting opinion holders, topics and opinion words, in which they use semantic role labeling as an intermediate step to label opinion holders and topics.
1	This dependency graph is partitioned into treelets; like  , we assume a uniform probability distribution over all partitions.
1	6.4 Feature Selection Methods A number of previous papers   describe feature selection approaches for log-linear models applied to NLP problems.
1	Second, we discuss the work done by   who use clustering of paraphrases to induce rewriting rules.
1	However, few papers in the field of computational linguistics have focused on this approach  .
2	LSTMs are able to capture past signal behavior and they have shown success in many audio processing applications, such as speech recognition and computational paralinguistics  .
1	We have explained elsewhere   how suitable features can be defined in terms of the a18 word, pos-tag a20 pairs in the context, and how maximum entropy techniques can be used to estimate the probabilities, following Ratnaparkhi  .
1	We utilise the automatic annotation algorithm of   to derive a version of Penn-II where each node in each tree is annotated with an LFG functional annotation  .
2	An efficient Viterbi-like parsing algorithm that is based on a Dynamic Programing Scheme is proposed in  .
1	  explored the use a formalism called quasisynchronous grammar   in order to find a more explicit model for matching the set of dependencies, and yet still allow for looseness in the matching.
2	2.1 Local Feature Descriptors Local feature descriptors   have been extensively studied, especially since the seminal works by Schmid and Mohr   and Lowe  .
1	Relative frequency ratio   of terms between two different corpora can also be used to discover domain-oriented multi-word terms that are characteristic of a corpus when compared with another  .
1	Our decoder is a phrase-based multi-stack implementation of the log-linear model similar to Pharaoh  .
2	Geneexpression-based classifiers have been frequently explored in recent years for several pathologic conditions, and resulted in FDA-approved diagnostics for early breast cancer  .
1	Corpora in various languages, such as the English Penn Treebank corpus  , the Swedish Stockholm-Ume corpus  , and the Icelandic Frequency Dictionary   corpus  , have been used to train   and develop   different taggers, and to evaluate their accuracy, e.g.
2	An especially well-founded framework is maximum entropy  .
1	In this paper, we take the framework for acquiring multi-level syntactic translation rules of   from aligned tree-string pairs, and present two main extensions of their approach: first, instead of merely computing a single derivation that minimally explains a sentence pair, we construct a large number of derivations that include contextually richer rules, and account for multiple interpretations of unaligned words.
1	Sometimes, due to data sparseness and/or limitations in the machine learning paradigm used, we need to extract features from the available representation in a manner that profoundly changes the representation  ).
1	There are rules, though rare, that cannot be binarized synchronously at all  , but can be incorporated in two-stage decoding with asynchronous binarization.
1	First, the graph-based models have better precision than the transition-based models when predicting long arcs, which is compatible with the results of McDonald and Nivre  .
2	We have chosen the Maximum Entropy tagger   for a comparison with our universal tagger, since it achieved   the best overall result on Slovene as reported there   of taggers available to us  .
1	Importantly, this Bayesian approach facilitates the incorporation of sparse priors that result in a more practical distribution of tokens to lexical categories  .
1	The last issue is how our binarization performs on a lexicalized parser, like Collins  .
0	While this technique has been sttccessfully applied to parsing lhe ATIS portion in the Penn Treebank  , it is extremely time consuming.
1	Collins head words finder rules have been modified to extract semantic head word  .
1	For experiment on English, we used the English Penn Treebank     and the constituency structures were converted to dependency trees using the same rules as  .
1	In the above equation, P  and P  are estimated by the maximum-likelihood method, and the probability of a POC tag ti, given a character wi  ) is estimated using ME models  .
1	We performed a comparison between the existing CFG filtering techniques for LTAG   and HPSG  , using strongly equivalent grammars obtained by converting LTAGs extracted from the Penn Treebank   into HPSG-style.
1	While this approach exploits only syntactic and lexical information, Jing and McKeown   also rely on cohesion information, derived from word distribution in a text: Phrases that are linked to a local context are retained, while phrases that have no such links are dropped.
1	Wed like to learn the number of paradigm classes from the data, but doing this would probably require extending adaptor grammars to incorporate the kind of adaptive statesplitting found in the iHMM and iPCFG  .
1	The text was split at the sentence level, tokenized and PoS tagged, in the style of the Wall Street Journal Penn TreeBank  .
2	1 Introduction When data have distinct sub-structures, models exploiting latent variables are advantageous in learning  .
1	The other intriguing issue is how our anchor-based method for shared argument identification can benefit from recent advances in coreference and zero-anaphora resolution  .
1	3 Statistical Word Alignment According to the IBM models  , the statistical word alignment model can be generally represented as in equation  .
1	This approach has also been used by (Dagan and Itai, 1994; Gale et al. , 1992; Shiitze, 1992; Gale et al. , 1993; Yarowsky, 1995; Gale and Church, 1Lunar is not an unknown word in English, Yeltsin finds its translation in the 4-th candidate.
0	NP3L   our NPnLupC outperforms it in the noisy cases.
1	3.1 A simple solution Wu   suggests that in order to have an ITG take advantage of a known partial structure, one can simply stop the parser from using any spans that would violate the structure.
1	Our baseline is the phrase-based MT system of  .
1	In addition, corpus-based stochastic modelling of lexical patterns   may provide information about word sense frequency of the kind advocated since  .
2	We chose the perceptron for the training algorithm because it has shown good performance on other NLP tasks; in particular, Collins   reported good performance for a perceptron tagger compared to a Maximum Entropy tagger.
2	…results for our experiment   using TextTiling and other two state-of-the-art segmentation algorithms, BayesianSeg, a Bayesian unsupervised topic segmentation method  , and MinCutSeg a graph-based segmentation model  .
1	1418 examples of structures of the kind 'VB N1 PREP N2' were extracted from the Penn-TreeBank Wall Street Journal  
2	Hypergraphs have been successfully used in parsing   and machine translation  .
1	Increasingly, parallel corpora are becoming available for many language pairs and SMT systems have been built for French-English, German-English, Arabic-English, Chinese-English, Hindi-English and other language pairs  ,  ,  .
1	4 Experiments We evaluated our classifier-based best-first parser on the Wall Street Journal corpus of the Penn Treebank   using the standard split: sections 2-21 were used for training, section 22 was used for development and tuning of parameters and features, and section 23 was used for testing.
1	The quality of the translation output is mainly evaluated using BLEU, with NIST   and METEOR   as complementary metrics.
1	The notation will assume ChineseEnglish word alignment and ChineseEnglish MT. Here we adopt a notation similar to  .
1	We trained the parser on the Penn Treebank  .
1	The initial vectors to be clustered are adapted with pointwise mutual information  .
1	he description of the minimum cut framework in Section 4.1 was inspired by Pang and Lee  
1	For example, work which failed to detect improvements in translation quality with the integration of word sense disambiguation  , or work which attempted to integrate syntactic information but which failed to improve Bleu   may deserve a second look with a more targeted manual evaluation.
1	4 Features Features used in our experiments are inspired by previous work on corpus-based approaches for discourse analysis  .
1	For example, we can use automatically extracted hyponymy relations  , or automatically induced MN clusters  .
1	distance   and the maximum swap segment size   ranging from 0 to 10 and evaluated the translations with the BLEU7 metric  .
2	It was initially proposed by   and, more recently, have been intensively studied by several research groups  .
1	The sentences included in the gold standard were chosen at random from the BNC, subject to the condition that they contain a verb which does not occur in the training sections of the WSJ section of the PTB  .
2	Other well-known metrics are WER  , NIST  , GTM  , ROUGE  , METEOR  , and TER  , just to name a few.
1	1.2 Decoding in Statistical Machine Translation   and   have discussed the first two of the three problems in statistical machine translation.
0	Although the first three are particular cases where N=1 and/or M=1, the distinction is relevant, because most word-based translation models  ) can typically not accommodate general M-N alignments.
1	ollins and Roark   presented a linear parsing model trained with an averaged perceptron algorithm
1	We are also interested in examining the approach within a standard phrase-based decoder such as Moses   or a hierarchical phrase system  .
1	In addition to individual seed words, Kanayama and Nasukawa   used more complicated syntactic patterns that were manually created.
2	To evaluate the performance of the proposed SDQI, seven state-of-the-art methods BRISQUE   have been compared objectively and subjectively.
1	7 Automated Sense Labelling of Discourse Connectives The focus here is on automated sense labelling of discourse connectives   438   151   SUMMARIES 2118 275 0.130 166   99   10   LETTERS 739 200 0.271 126   56   18   NEWS 40095 9336 0.233 5514   3015   807   Figure 4: Distribution of Explicit Intra-Sentential Connectives.
1	A pipage approach   has been proposed for MCKP, but we do not use this algorithm, since it requires costly partial enumeration and solutions to many linear relaxation problems.
1	  was an implicit or selforganizing syntax model as it did not use a Treebank.
2	2.2 ITG Space Inversion Transduction Grammars, or ITGs   provide an efficient formalism to synchronously parse bitext.
1	We do not use particular lexicosyntactic patterns, as previous attempts have  .
1	Measures of cross-language relatedness are useful for a large number of applications, including cross-language information retrieval  , cross-language text classification  , lexical choice in machine translation  , induction of translation lexicons  , cross-language annotation and resource projections to a second language  .
1	The Brill tagger comes with an English default version also trained on general-purpose language corpora like the PENN TREEBANK  .
1	A quite different approach from our hypotheses testing implemented in the TREQ-AL aligner is taken by the model-estimating aligners, most of them relying on the IBM models   described in the   seminal paper.
2	This has been the driving force for the active research in the development of advanced control techniques and hierarchical control schemes to improve the operation of the WWTPs  .
2	Furthermore, good results have been produced in other areas of NLP research using maximum entropy techniques  .
2	Compared with their string-based counterparts, treebased systems offer some attractive features: they are much faster in decoding  ), do not require a binary-branching grammar as in string-based models  , and can have separate grammars for parsing and translation, say, a context-free grammar for the former and a tree substitution grammar for the latter  .
0	Although generating training examples in advance without a working parser   is much faster than using inference  , our training time can probably be decreased further by choosing a parsing strategy with a lower branching factor.
2	Reconstructive surgery by autologous tissue transfer is well established and may provide good functional results  .
1	Our evaluation metric was BLEU  , as calculated by the NIST script   with its default settings, which is to perform case-insensitive matching of n-grams up to n = 4, and to use the shortest   reference sentence for the brevity penalty.
1	First, for each verb occurrence subjects and objects were extracted from a parsed corpus  .
1	The elementary trees were extracted from the parse trees in sections 02-21 of the Wall Street Journal in Penn Treebank  , which is transformed by using parent-child annotation and left factoring  .
1	To determine headwords of the semantic roles, the corpus was parsed using the Collins   parser.
1	We removed all but the first two characters of each POS tag, resulting in a set of 57 tags which more closely resembles that of the Penn TreeBank  .
1	8Interestingly, in work on the automated classification of nouns,   also noted problems with ""empty"" words that depend on their complements for meaning.
1	For this reason, paraphrase poses a great challenge for many Natural Language Processing   tasks, just as ambiguity does, notably in text summarization and NL generation  .
1	For our experiments we used the following features, analogous to Pharaohs default feature set:  P  and P , the latter of which is not found in the noisy-channel model, but has been previously found to be a helpful feature  ;  the lexical weights Pw  and Pw   , which estimate how well the words in  translate the words in ;2  a phrase penalty exp , which allows the model to learn a preference for longer or shorter derivations, analogous to Koehns phrase penalty  .
1	A generative parsing model can be used on its own, and it was shown in Collins and Roark   that a discriminative parsing model can be used on its own.
1	Translation quality is automatically evaluated by the IBM-BLEU metric     on the following publicly 1148 Ch.-En.
1	The token precision is higher than 90% in all of the corpora, including the movie domain, which is considered to be difficult for SA  .
1	A summary of the differences between our proposed approach and that of   would include:  The reliance of BLEU on the diversity of multiple reference translations in order to capture some of the acceptable alternatives in both word choice and word ordering that we have shown above.
1	Figures 1 and 2 present best results in the learning experiments for the complete set of patterns used in the collocation approach, over two of our evaluation corpora.11 Type Positions Tags/Words Features Accuracy Precision Recall GIS 1 W 1254 0.97 0.96 0.98 IIS 1 T 136 0.95 0.96 0.94 NB 1 T 136 0.88 0.97 0.84 9 see Rish, 2001, Ratnaparkhi, 1997 and Berger et al, 1996 for a formal description of these algorithms.
1	The same probabilities are also included using 50 hard word classes derived from the parallel corpus using the GIZA++ mkcls utility  .
1	hang and Clark     generated CTB 3.0 from CTB 4.0
1	The probabilities from these back-off levels are interpolated using the techniques in  .
1	2 Automatic Annotation Schemes Using ROUGE Similarity Measures ROUGE   is an automatic tool to determine the quality of a summary using a collection of measures ROUGE-N  , ROUGE-L, ROUGE-W and ROUGE-S which count the number of overlapping units such as n-gram, word-sequences, and word-pairs between the extract and the abstract summaries  .
1	In practice, texts contain an enormous number of word sequences  , only a tiny fraction of which are NCCs, and it takes considerable computational effort to induce each translation model.
1	145 2 The Latent Variable Architecture In this section we will begin by briefly introducing the class of graphical models we will be using, Incremental Sigmoid Belief Networks  .
1	Under certain precise conditions, as described in  , we can analyze Algorithm 1 as minimizing the entropy of the distribution over translations of U. However, this is true only when the functions Estimate, Score and Select have very prescribed definitions.
2	They are central to many parsing models  , and despite their simplicity n-gram models have been very successful.
2	The segmentation results are visually satisfactory and are comparable to the state-of-the-art approaches that are designed specifically for video conferencing  .
1	Given sentence-aligned bi-lingual training data, we first use GIZA++   to generate word level alignment.
1	One of the simplest models in the context of lexical triggers is the IBM model 1   which captures lexical dependencies between source and target words.
0	As shown in Table 1, the JAVA decoder   is 22 times faster than the PYTHON decoder, while achieving slightly better translation quality as measured by BLEU-4  .
1	Hockenmaier et al  , although to some extent following the approach of Xia   where LTAGs are extracted, have pursued an alternative by extracting Combinatory Categorial Grammar     lexicons from the Penn Treebank.
1	Chiang   distinguishes statistical MT approaches that are  syntactic in a formal sense, going beyond the  nite-state underpinnings of phrasebased models, from approaches that are syntactic in a linguistic sense, i.e. taking advantage of a priori language knowledge in the form of annotations derived from human linguistic analysis or treebanking.1 The two forms of syntactic modeling are doubly dissociable: current research frameworks include systems that are  nite state but informed by linguistic annotation prior to training  ), and also include systems employing contextfree models trained on parallel text without bene t of any prior linguistic analysis (e.g.
1	The basic phrase-based model is an instance of the noisy-channel approach  ,1 in which the translation of a French sentence f into an 1Throughout this paper, we follow the convention of Brown et al. of designating the source and target languages as French and English, respectively.
1	PropBank encodes propositional information by adding a layer of argument structure annotation to the syntactic structures of the Penn Treebank  .
0	Empirical evaluations using two standard summarization metricsthe Pyramid method   and ROUGE  show that the best performing system is a CRF incorporating both order-2 Markov dependencies and skip-chain dependencies, which achieves 91.3% of human performance in Pyramid score, and outperforms our best-performing non-sequential model by 3.9%.
1	We perform minimum-error-rate training   to tune the feature weights of the translation model to maximize the BLEU score on development set.
1	We measure semantic similarity using the shortest path length in WordNet   as implemented in the WordNet Similarity package  .
1	This obviously does not preclude using the audio-based system together with other features such as utterance position, length, speakers roles, and most others used in the literature  .
1	Given a source sentence f, the preferred translation output is determined by computing the lowest-cost derivation   yielding f as its source side, where the cost of a derivation R1 Rn with respective feature vectors v1,,vn  Rm is given by msummationdisplay i=1 i nsummationdisplay j=1  i. Here, 1,,m are the parameters of the loglinear model, which we optimize on a held-out portion of the training set   using minimum-error-rate training  .
1	urney   describes a method of sentiment classification using two human-selected seed words   in conjunction with a very large text corpus; the semantic orientation of phrases is computed as their association with the seed words  
1	Then the words are tagged as inside a phrase  , outside a phrase   or beginning of a phrase    .
1	On the one hand using 1 human reference with uniform results is essential for our methodology, since it means that there is no more trouble with Recall    a systems ability to avoid under-generation of N-grams can now be reliably measured.
1	.2.1 Proxy items There is a potential risk of redundancy if we represent related statistics using the log-frequency BF scheme presented in Talbot and Osborne  
1	Originally introduced as a byproduct of training statistical translation models in  , word alignment has become the first step in training most statistical translation systems, and alignments are useful to a host of other tasks.
2	An existing method to combine multiple parsing algorithms is the ensemble approach  , which was reported to be useful in improving dependency parsing  .
0	Our training and test corpora, for instance, are lessthan-gargantuan compared to such collections as the Penn Treebank \ .
2	For the Penn Treebank,   reports an accuracy of 96.6% using the Maximum Entropy approach, our much simpler and therefore faster HMM approach delivers 96.7%.
1	Interestingly, similar conclusions were also reached in the area of Machine Translation evaluation; in their experiments, Zhang and Vogel   show that adding an additional reference translation compensates the effects of removing 1015% of the testing data, and state that, therefore, it seems more cost effective to have more test sentences but fewer reference translations.
1	Our experience suggests that disjunctive LFs are an important capability, especially as one seeks to make grammars reusable across applications, and to employ domain-specific, sentence-level paraphrases  .
1	One kind is the Penn Treebank  .
1	The X 2 statistic is performing at least as well as G 2, and the results show that the average level of generalization is slightly higher for G 2 than X 2 . This suggests a possible explanation for the results presented here and those in Dunning  : that the X 2 statistic provides a less conservative test when counts in the contingency table are low.
1	A comparison of the two approaches can be found in Koehn, Och, and Marcu  .
1	3 Methodology Similar to  , we use comparison to human assocation datasets as a test bed for the scores produced by computational association measures.
1	We also combine our basic algorithm   with  s algorithm in order to resolve the modifier-function traces.
1	McDonald et al 2007; Ivan et al 2008) proposed a structured model based on CRFs for jointly classifying the sentiment of text at varying levels of granularity
1	3.1 Data The English data set consists of the Wall Street Journal sections 2-24 of the Penn treebank  , converted to dependency format.
1	To evaluate the performance of a parser, NP chunks can usefully be evaluated by a gold standard; many systems   use the Penn Treebank for this type of evaluation.
1	See Collins   and Collins and Duffy   for applications of the perceptron algorithm.
1	The discriminative training regimen is otherwise similar to  .
1	with parse action sequences for 40,000 Wall Street Journal sentences derived from the Penn Treebank  .
1	They used the Bleu evaluation metric  , but capped the n-gram precision at 4-grams.
1	1 Introduction A recent development in data-driven parsing is the use of discriminative training methods  .
1	Approaches include word substitution systems  , phrase substitution systems  , and synchronous context-free grammar systems  , all of which train on string pairs and seek to establish connections between source and target strings.
1	This problem can be cast as an instance of synchronous ITG parsing  .
1	73 2.2.4 Minimum Error Rate Training A good way of training is to minimize empirical top-1 error on training data  .
1	We build sentencespecific zero-cutoff stupid-backoff   5-gram language models, estimated using 4.7B words of English newswire text, and apply them to rescore either 10000-best lists generated by HCP or word lattices generated by HiFST.
1	Wu  s Inversion Transduction Grammar, as well as tree-transformation models of translation such as Yamada and Knight  , Galley et al.
1	The methods for calculating relative frequencies   and lexical weights   are also adapted for the weighted matrix case.
1	We examine Structural Correspondence Learning     for this task, and compare it to several variants of Self-training  .
1	We have used the Improved Iterative Scaling algorithm    .
1	73 1.2.2 Baseline System and Experimental Setup We take BBNs HierDec, a string-to-dependency decoder as described in  , as our baseline for the following two reasons:  It provides a strong baseline, which ensures the validity of the improvement we would obtain.
1	1 Introduction In this paper, we show how discriminative training with averaged perceptron models   can be used to substantially improve surface realization with Combinatory Categorial Grammar  .
1	7.1.3 Similarity via pagerank Pagerank   is the celebrated citation ranking algorithm that has been applied to several natural language problems from summarization   to opinion mining   to our task of lexical relatedness  .
1	imilar adaptations of the Matrix-Tree Theorem have been developed independently and simultaneouslybySmithandSmith andMcDonaldand Satta  ; see Section 5 for more discussion
2	As such, the analysis of aDNA has been greatly enabled by NGS  .
1	To solve the problem, Cahill and van Genabith   apply an automatic generation grammar transformation to their training data: they automatically label CFG nodes with additional case information and the model now learns the new improved generation rules of Tables 4 and 5.
1	1 Introduction Since their appearance, string-based evaluation metrics such as BLEU   and NIST   have been the standard tools used for evaluating MT quality.
1	We tuned the parameters of these features with Minimum Error Rate Training     on the NIST MT03 Evaluation data set  , and then test the MT performance on NIST MT03 and MT05 Evaluation data  .
1	4.1 Data We used Penn-Treebank   data, presented in Table 1.
1	  show that this model is a member of an exponential family with one parameter for each constraint, specifically a model of the form 1 ~ I~   p  = E' in which z  = eZ, Y The parameters A1,  , An are Lagrange multipliers that impose the constraints corresponding to the chosen features fl, -,fnThe term Z  normalizes the probabilities by summing over all possible outcomes y. Berger et al.
1	The second baseline is our implementation of the relevant part of the Wikipedia extraction in  , taking the first noun after a be verb in the definition sentence, denoted as WikiBL.
1	Sentiment analysis includes a variety of different problems, including: sentiment classification techniques to classify reviews as positive or negative, based on bag of words   or positive and negative words  ; classifying sentences in a document as either subjective or objective  ; identifying or classifying appraisal targets  ; identifying the source of an opinion in a text  , whether the author is expressing the opinion, or whether he is attributing the opinion to someone else; and developing interactive and visual opinion mining methods  .
1	e propose Smith and Eisners   quasi-synchronous grammar   as a general solution and the Jeopardy model   as a specific instance
1	After this conversion, we had 1000 positive and 1000 negative examples for each domain, the same balanced composition as the polarity dataset  .
1	For the correct identification of phrases in a Korean query, it would help to identify the lexical relations and produce statistical information on pairs of words in a text corpus as in Smadja  .
1	A number of researches which utilized distributional similarity have been conducted, including   and many others.
1	In Hirschberg and Nakatani  , average reliability   of segmentinitial labels among 3 coders on 9 monologues produced by the same speaker, labeled using text and speech, is.8 or above for both read and spontaneous speech; values of at least .8 are typically viewed as representing high reliability  .
1	Collins and Koo Discriminative Reranking for NLP Della Pietra 1996; Della Pietra, Della Pietra, and Lafferty 1997), or conjugate gradient methods  .
1	Applications have included the categorization of documents by topic  , language  , genre  , author  , sentiment  , and desirability  .
1	This can be done by smoothing the observed frequencies 7   or by class-based methods  .
1	It is analogous to the step in other translation model induction algorithms that sets all probabilities below a certain threshold to negligible values  .
2	While crowdsourcing has also been used to gather data for learning problems in the non-speech audio domain  , machine listening—the sibling field of computer vision— has yet to see the same transformative success.
2	The most widely used are Word Error Rate  , Position Independent Word Error Rate  , the BLEU score   and the NIST score  .
1	The resolution of alignment can vat3, from low to high: section, paragraph, sentence, phrase, and word  .
1	The minimum error training   was used on the development data for parameter estimation.
2	We examine the effectiveness of Structural Correspondence Learning     for this task, a recently proposed adaptation technique shown to be effective for PoS tagging and Sentiment Analysis.
1	Turneys   work on classiflcation of reviews is perhaps the closest to ours.2 He applied a speciflc unsupervised learning technique based on the mutual information between document phrases and the words \excellent"" and \poor"", where the mutual information is computed using statistics gathered by a search engine.
2	1 Introduction Chinese Word Segmentation   has been witnessed a prominent progress in the last three Bakeoffs  ,  ,  .
1	Applying the projection WTx   would give us m new features, however, for both computational and statistical reasons   a low-dimensional approximation of the original feature space is computed by applying Singular Value Decomposition   on W  .
1	1.2.2 SPECIFIC SYNTACTIC AND SEMANTIC ASSUMPTIONS The basic scheme, or some not too distant relative, is the one used in many large-scale implemented systems; as examples, we can quote TEAM  , PUNDIT  , TACITUS  , MODL  , CLE  , and SNACK-85  .
1	The training methods of LRM-F and SVM-F were useful to improve the F M -scores of LRM and SVM, as reported in  .
1	1 Introduction In latent variable approaches to parsing  , one models an observed treebank of coarse parse trees using a grammar over more refined, but unobserved, derivation trees.
1	In our future work we plan to investigate the effect of more sophisticated and, probably, more accurate filtering methods   on the QA results.
2	In our experience, this approach is advantageous in terms of translation quality, e.g. by 0.7% in BLEU compared to a minimum Bayes risk primary  .
2	In syntactic parse re-ranking supersenses have been used to build useful latent semantic features  .
1	ntroduction The automated analysis of large corpora has many useful applications  
1	When we have a junction tree for each document, we can efficiently perform belief propagation in order to compute argmax in Equation  , or the marginal probabilities of cliques and labels, necessary for the parameter estimation of machine learning classifiers, including perceptrons  , and maximum entropy models  .
1	The inclusion of phrases longer than three words in translation resources has been avoided, as it has been shown not to have a strong impact on translation performance  .
1	Using the ME principle, we can combine information from a variety of sources into the same language model  .
2	In order to activate reporter gene expression, we first treated the cells with H2O2/vanadate  , which causes rapid and efficient STAT92E phosphorylation     and is more efficient than transient transfection of hop in activating STAT.
1	For such cases, unsupervised approaches have been developed for predicting relations, by using sentences containing discourse connectives as training data  .
2	Also, in a, state-of-the-art English pa.rser   only the words tha, t occur more tha,n d times in training data.
1	 , which assume that certain words in a source language sentence tend to trigger the usage of certain words in a target language translation of that sentence.)
2	An online learning algorithm considers a single training instance for each update to the weight vector w. We use the common method of setting the final weight vector as the average of the weight vectors after each iteration  , which has been shown to alleviate overfitting.
1	4.2 Base Model II Using the translation model II  , where alignments are dependent on word/entity positions and word/entity sequence lengths, we have p  = mproductdisplay j=1 lsummationdisplay i=0 p p    where aj = i means that wj is aligned with ei.
1	For example, incremental CFG parsing algorithms can be used with the CFGs produced by this transform, as can the Inside-Outside estimation algorithm   and more exotic methods such as estimating adjoined hidden states  .
1	Minimum Error Rate training   over BLEU was used to optimize the weights for each of these models over the development test data.
1	A related method is multi-category perceptron, which explicitly finds a weight vector that separates correct labels from the incorrect ones in a mistake driven fashion  .
1	1 Introduction Most empirical work in translation analyzes models and algorithms using BLEU   and related metrics.
2	Preclinical work by Dyrby et al.   highlights the benefits of such strong gradients and the first results from the Connectome scanner   are now starting to verify those findings.
2	…in the protein used in this study   when compared with other sequences including V. riparia   and V. vinifera   that have been successfully used in gene transfer experiments.
1	Generally, WSD methods use the context of a word for its sense disambiguation, and the context information can come from either annotated/unannotated text or other knowledge resources, such as WordNet  , SemCor  , Open Mind Word Expert  , eXtended WordNet  , Wikipedia  , parallel corpora  .
2	Recently,   have successfully constructed high quality and high coverage gazetteers from Wikipedia.
1	Disambiguation of a limited number of words is not hard, and necessary context information can be carefully collected and hand-crafted to achieve high disambiguation accuracy as shown in  .
1	These tools are important in that the strongest collocational associations often represent different word senses, and thus 'they provide a powerful set of suggestions to the lexicographer for what needs to be accounted for in choosing a set of semantic tags'  .
2	Studies on the supervised task have shown that straightforward baselines   achieve a relatively high performance level and are surprisingly difficult to beat  .
1	For example, syntactic features   can be computed this way and are used in our system.
1	For more information on these models, please refer to Brown et al.  .
1	  a. Please move your car Her sadness moves him b. John enjoys the book John enjoys reading the book e. The two alibis do not accord They accorded him a warm welcome d. John swam for hours John swam across the channel Although the precise nrechanisms which govern lexical knowledge are still largely unknown, there is strong evidence that word sense extensibi\[ity is not arbitrary  .
1	A description of the flat featurized dependency-style syntactic representation we use is available in  , which describes how the entire Penn Treebank   was converted to this representation.
1	In the following sections, we present the best performing set of feature templates as determined on the development data set using only the supervised training setting; our feature templates have thus not been influenced nor extended by the unsupervised data.13 11The full list of tags, as used by  , also makes the underlying Viterbi algorithm unbearably slow.
1	These parser output trees can by produced by a second parser in a co-training scenario  , or by the same parser with a reranking component in a type of selftraining scenario .
0	False negatives can occur if the object is small or if a hypointense structure or signal void is mistaken for a tendon, dense collagenous structure, or air.  Compared with both ultrasound and CT, MRI is the most limited in spatial resolution.
2	Some NLG researchers are impressed by the success of the BLEU evaluation metric   in Machine Translation  , which has transformed the MT field by allowing researchers to quickly and cheaply evaluate the impact of new ideas, algorithms, and data sets.
1	Thus, a lot of alignment techniques have been suggested at; the sentence  , phrase  , nomt t)hrase  , word  , collocation   and terminology level.
2	Averaging has been shown to help reduce overfitting  .
1	We then examined the inter-annotator reliability of the annotation by calculating the  score  .
1	2.2 Global Linear Models We follow the framework of Collins  , recently applied to language modeling in Roark et al.
2	1 Introduction The Maximum Entropy   statistical framework   has been successfully deployed in several NLP tasks.
0	Although grammatical function and empty nodes annotation expressing long-distance dependencies are provided in Treebanks such as the Penn Treebank  , most statistical Treebank trained parsers fully or largely ignore them 1, which entails two problems: first, the training cannot profit from valuable annotation data.
1	To be able identify that adjacent blocks   can be merged into larger blocks, our model infers binary   trees reminiscent of  .
1	2.1 Keywords As our starting point, we calculated the keywords of the Belgian corpus with respect to the Netherlandic corpus, both on the basis of a chi-square test     and the log-likelihood ratio  .
1	We evaluate accuracy performance using two automatic metrics: an identity metric, ID, which measures the percent of sentences recreated exactly, and BLEU  , which gives the geometric average of the number of uni-, bi-, tri-, and four-grams recreated exactly.
1	In the latter case, we use an unsupervised attachment disambiguation method, based on the log-likelihood ratio  ).
1	Feature weights of both systems are tuned on the same data set.3 For Pharaoh, we use the standard minimum error-rate training  ; and for our system, since there are only two independent features  , we use a simple grid-based line-optimization along the language-model weight axis.
1	The approach combines statistical and knowledge-based methods, but unlike many recent corpus-based approaches to sense disambiguation  , it takes as its starting point the assumption that senseannotated training text is not available.
1	Entropy, used in some part-of-speech tagging systems  , is a measure of how much information is necessary to separate data.
1	Finally we use Minimum Error Training     to train log-linear scaling factors that are applied to the WFSTs in Equation 1.
1	We report case-insensitive scores for version 0.6 of METEOR   with all modules enabled, version 1.04 of IBM-style BLEU  , and version 5 of TER  .
1	To evaluate the polarity and strength of opinions, most of the existing approaches rely either on training from human-annotated data  , or use linguistic resources   like WordNet, or rely on co-occurrence statistics   between words that are unambiguously positive   and unambiguously negative  .
1	Techniques for weakening the independence assumptions made by the IBM models 1 and 2 have been proposed in recent work  .
1	Yarowsky   proposed such a method for word sense disambiguation, which we refer to as monolingual bootstrapping.
1	The data for all our experiments was extracted from the Penn Treebank II Wall Street Journal   corpus  .
1	Phrases are then extracted from the word alignments using the method described in  .
1	Identifying subjectivity helps separate opinions from fact, which may be useful in question answering, summarization, etc. Sentiment detection is the task of determining positive or negative sentiment of words  , phrases and sentences  , or documents  .
1	Our approach to inducing syntactic clusters is closely related to that described in Brown, et al,   which is one of the earliest papers on the subject.
1	Many probabilistic evaluation models have been published inspired by one or more of these feature types  , but discrepancies between training sets, algorithms, and hardware environments make it difficult, if not impossible, to compare the models objectively.
1	aume III and Marcu   propose a model that encodes how likely it is that different sized spans of text are skipped to reach words and phrases to recycle
1	The parser induction algorithm used in all of the experiments in this paper was a distribution of Collins's model 2 parser  .
1	1 Introduction Aligning parallel text, i.e. automatically setting the sentences or words in one text into correspondence with their equivalents in a translation, is a very useful preprocessing step for a range of applications, including but not limited to machine translation  , cross-language information retrieval  , dictionary creation   and induction of NLP-tools  .
1	To analyze our methods on IV and OOV words, we use a detailed evaluation metric than Bakeoff 2006   which includes Foov and Fiv.
1	This situation is very similar to that involved in training HMM text taggers, where joint probabilities are computed that a particular word corresponds to a particular part-ofspeech, and the rest of the words in the sentence are also generated  .
1	To some extent, this can probably be explained by the strong tradition of constituent analysis in Anglo-American linguistics, but this trend has been reinforced by the fact that the major treebank of American English, the Penn Treebank  , is annotated primarily with constituent analysis.
2	Looking at the results of the recent machine translation evaluations, this approach seems currently to give the best results, and an increasing number of researchers are working on different methods for learning phrase translation lexica for machine translation purposes  .
1	Turney   predicates the sentiment orientation of a review by the average semantic orientation of the phrases in the review that contain adjectives or adverbs, which is denoted as the semantic oriented method.
1	.1 Collocation Features The collocation features were inspired by the one-sense-per-collocation heuristic proposed by Yarowsky  
2	Some of the best results were reported in   who uses a large training corpus.
2	In the well-known so-called IBM word alignment models  , re-estimating the model parameters depends on the empirical probability P  for each sentence pair  .
1	Algorithms for the computation of first-order associations have been used in lexicography for the extraction of collocations   and in cognitive psychology for the simulation of associative learning  .
1	A word link extension algorithm similar to the one presented in this paper is given in  .
0	Although the specificity was quite good at 87%, the sensitivity of BNP was only 48%  .
1	Then we use both Moses decoder and its suppo We run the decoder with its d then use Moses' implementation of minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights on the development set.
1	These range from twoword to multi-word, with or without syntactic structure  .
1	The model scaling factors 1,,5 and the word and phrase penalties are optimized with respect to some evaluation criterion  , e.g. BLEU score.
1	For example, aspects of a digital camera could include picture quality, battery life, size, color, value, etc. Finding such aspects is a challenging research problem that has been addressed in a number of ways  .
1	nother possible comparison could be with a version of Turney's   sentiment classification method applied to Chinese
1	Dependency relations are produced using a version of the Collins parser   that has been adapted for building dependencies.
1	his upper bound is consistent with the upper limit of 50% found by Daume III and Marcu   which takes into account stemming differences
1	We then piped the text through a maximum entropy sentence boundary detector   and performed text normalization using NSW tools  .
1	1 Introduction B   was one of the first automatic evaluation metrics for machine translation  , and despite being challenged by a number of alternative metrics  , it remains the standard in the statistical MTliterature.Callison-Burchetal. havesubjected B to a searching criticism, with two realworld case studies of significant failures of correlation between B and human adequacy/fluency judgments.Bothcasesinvolvecomparisonsbetween statistical MT systems and other translation methods  , and they recommend that the use of B be restrictedtocomparisonsbetweenrelatedsystemsor different versions of the same systems.
1	ur technique of generating negative examples is similar to the approach of Okanohara and Tsujii  
2	4 Extended Minimum Error Rate Training Minimum error rate training   is widely used to optimize feature weights for a linear model  .
0	6 Conclusion Traditional approaches for devising parsing models, smoothing techniques and evaluation metrics are not well suited for MH, as they presuppose 13The lack of head marking, for instance, precludes the use of lexicalized models a la  .
1	9.1 Training Methodology Given a training set, we first run a variant of IBM alignment model 1   for 100 iterations, and then initialize Model I with the learned parameter values.
1	The WSJ corpus is based on the WSJ part of the PENN TREEBANK  ; we used the first 10,000 sentences of section 2-21 as the pool set, and section 00 as evaluation set  .
1	For the first set of experiments, we divide all inputs based on the mean value of the average system scores as in  .
1	Second, phrase translation pairs are extracted from the word aligned corpus  .
1	Statistical approaches, which depend on a set of unknown parameters that are learned from training data, try to describe the relationship between a bilingual sentence pair  .
1	Stochastic ITGs are parameterized like their PCFG counterparts  ; productions A  X are assigned probability Pr .
1	High values of  fall into the minimal entropy trap, while low values ofhave no effect on the model   for an example).
1	Then the word alignment is refined by performing growdiag-final method  .
1	503 Bikel Intricacies of Collins Parsing Model Table 4 Overall parsing results using only details found in Collins  .
2	.1 The AUGMENT technique for Domain Adaptation The AUGMENT technique introduced by Daume III   is a simple yet very effective approach to performing domain adaptation
1	3 Related work Word collocation Various collocation metrics have been proposed, including mean and variance  , the t-test  , the chi-square test, pointwise mutual information    , and binomial loglikelihood ratio test    .
1	urney   used a corpus-based algorithm
1	For comparison purposes, we also computed the value of R 2 for fluency using the BLEU score formula given in  , for the 7 systems using the same one reference, and we obtained a similar value, 78.52%; computing the value of R 2 for fluency using the BLEU scores computed with all 4 references available yielded a lower value for R 2, 64.96%, although BLEU scores obtained with multiple references are usually considered more reliable.
2	 , but we use a maximum entropy classifier   to determine parser actions, which makes parsing considerably faster.
2	1 Introduction Parallel corpora have been shown to provide an extremely rich source of constraints for statistical analysis  .
1	4 Testing the Four Hypotheses The question of why self-training helps in some cases   but not others   has inspired various theories.
1	In order to get a better understanding of these matters, we replicate parts of the error analysis presented by McDonald and Nivre  , where parsing errors are related to different structural properties of sentences and their dependency graphs.
1	MT output is evaluated using the standard MT evaluation metric BLEU  .
2	Conditional Markov models     have been successfully used in sequence labeling tasks incorporating rich feature sets.
1	In recent years, many researchers have employed statistical models   or association measures   to build alignment links.
1	t is a variant of the batch-based Bloomier filter LM of Talbot and Brants   which we refer to as the TB-LM henceforth
1	We measure translation performance by the BLEU score   with one reference for each hypothesis.
2	Empirically the BLEU score has a high correlation with human evaluation when N = 4 for English translation evaluations  .
2	One major resource for corpus-based research is the treebanks available in many research organizations \ , which carry skeletal syntactic structures or 'brackets' that have been manually verified.
0	Previous studies investigating the association between GSTM1 polymorphism and laryngeal cancer risk provided inconsistent results, and most of those studies involved no more than a few hundred laryngeal cancer cases, which were too few to assess any genetic effects reliably  .
0	Although the internally quenched substrate Abz- 4SAGnYamide was shown previously to be efficiently cleaved by DEN NS2B -NS3pro,  )  , binding affinity and cleavage efficiency  ) of this peptide was substantially lower (approx.
1	he patterns will be manually constructed following the approach of Hearst   and Nakov and Hearst  .6 The example collection for each relation R will be passed to two independent annotators
1	Stochastic taggers use both contextual and morphological information, and the model parameters are usually defined or updated automatically from tagged texts  , University of Patras, 265 00 Patras, Greece.
1	6 Conclusions and Future Directions In previous work, statistical NLP computation over large corpora has been a slow, of ine process, as in KNOWITALL   and also in PMI-IR applications such as sentiment classi cation  .
1	2 Word Alignment algorithm We use IBM Model 4   as a basis for our word alignment system.
2	The former term P  is called a language model, representing the likelihood of E. The latter term P  is called a translation model, representing the generation probability from E into J. As an implementation of P , the word alignment based statistical translation   has been successfully applied to similar language pairs, such as FrenchEnglish and German English, but not to drastically dierent ones, such as JapaneseEnglish.
1	We also plan to employ this evaluation metric as feedback in building dialogue coherence models as is done in machine translation  .
1	Finally, recent efforts have also looked at transfer learning mechanisms for sentiment analysis, e.g., see  .
1	109 machine translation evaluation  ,paraphraserecognition  , and automatic grading  .
1	Although this study falls under the general topic of discourse modeling, our work differs from previous attempts to characterize text in terms of domainindependent rhetorical elements  .
1	However, another approach is to train a separate out-of-domain parser, and use this to generate additional features on the supervised and unsupervised in-domain data  .
1	Based on this assumption,   stored all bigrams of words along with their relative position.
1	One sees this clear trend in the supervised NLP literature examples include the Perceptron algorithm for tagging  , MIRA for dependency parsing  , exponentiated gradient algorithms  , stochastic gradient for constituency parsing  , just to name a few.
1	2.2 Three Treebanks The Treebanks that we used in this paper are the English Penn Treebank II  , the Chinese Penn Treebank  , and the Korean Penn Treebank  .
1	Model 4 of   is also a first-order alignment model   like the HMM, trot includes also fertilities.
1	Numerous approaches have been explored for exploiting situations where some amount of annotated data is available and a much larger amount of data exists unannotated, e.g. Marialdo's HMM part-of-speech tagger training  , Charniak's parser retraining experiment  , Yarowsky's seeds for word sense disambiguation   and Nigam et al's   topic classifier learned in part from unlabelled documents.
1	By reranking a 1000-best list generated by the baseline MT system from Och  , the BLEU   score on the test dataset was improved from 31.6% to 32.9%.
1	Accordingly, in Ponzetto & Strube   we used a machine learning based coreference resolution system to provide an extrinsic evaluation of the utility of WordNet and Wikipedia relatedness measures for NLP applications.
1	It is available in several formats, and in this paper, we use the Penn Treebank   format of NEGRA.
1	For this paper, we train the parameter vector  using the perceptron algorithm  .
1	The second one is heuristic and tries to use a wordaligned corpus  .
1	The first solution might also introduce errors elsewhere As Ramshaw and Marcus   already noted: ""While this automatic derivation process introduced a small percentage of errors on its own, it was the only practical way both to provide the amount of training data required and to allow for fully-automatic testing"".
1	3.2 Training Algorithm We adopt the perceptron training algorithm of Collins   to learn a discriminative model mapping from inputs xX to outputs yY , where X is the set of sentences in the training corpus and Y is the set of corresponding labelled results.
1	In a different work, Banerjee and Lavie   argued that the measured reliability of metrics can be due to averaging effects but might not be robust across translations.
1	This is similar to Model 3 of  , but without null-generated elements or re-ordering.
2	been shown to be long circulating, with or without extensive pegylation  .
1	Since one of these filters restricts the number of nonterminal symbols to two, our extracted grammar is equivalent to an inversion transduction grammar  .
1	The evaluation metric is case-sensitive BLEU-4  .
1	We demonstrate that allowing different values for these hyperparameters significantly improves performance over both a strong baseline and   within both a conditional random field sequence model for named entity recognition and a discriminatively trained dependency parser.
1	Reranking methods have also been proposed as a method for using syntactic information  .
1	Predicate argument structures, which consist of complements   and verbs, have also been used in the task of noun classification  .
1	TheChinesesentencefromtheselected pair is used as the single reference to tune and evaluate the MT system with word-based BLEU-4  .
2	In recent years, many researchers have tried to automatically evaluate the quality of MT and improve the performance of automatic MT evaluations   because improving the performance of automatic MT evaluation is expected to enable us to use and improve MT systems efficiently.
1	dwait Ratnaparkhi   estimates a probability distribution for tagging using a maximum entropy approach
2	Availability of high biological value of animal proteins, essential amino acids and fatty acids, vitamins and other nutrients are the other reasons to ensure its popularity among masses  .
1	unning   used a likelihood ratio to test word similarity under the assumption that the words in text have a binomial distribution
2	For instance,   shows that a simple feature augmentation method for SVM is able to effectively use both labeled target and source data to provide the best domainadaptation results in a number of NLP tasks.
1	Similarly,   tested his WSD algorithm on a dozen words.
1	Unlike a full blown machine translation task  , annotators and systems will not be required to translate the whole context but just the target word.
1	ing and McKeown   found that human summarization can be traced back to six cut-andpaste operations of a text and proposed a revision method consisting of sentence reduction and combination modules with a sentence extraction part
1	Finally, we would like to investigate the incorporation of unsupervised methods for WSD, such as the heuristically-based methods of   and  , and the theoretically purer bootstrapping method of  .
1	3.1 Maximum Entropy This section presents a brief description of ME. A more detailed and informative description can be found in Berger   4, Ratnaparkhi  , Manning and Shutze   to name just a few.
1	Most work in the area of unknown words and tagging deals with predicting part-of-speech information based on word endings and affixation information, as shown by work in  ,  ,  , and  .
2	Recently, Cabezas and Resnik   experimented with incorporating WSD translations into Pharaoh, a state-of-the-art phrase-based MT system  .
1	Currently, the scheme supports PhraseChunks with subtypes such as NP, VP, PP, or ADJP  .
1	As the baseline standard, we took the ending-guessing rule set supplied with the Xerox tagger  .
1	The syntactic parameters are the same as in Section 5.1 and are smoothed as in  .
2	Few SAEs were observed, reflecting previous data indicating that SAEs resulting from statin treatment are rare.  As the largest study to date focusing on statin therapy solely in patients with the metabolic syndrome, COMETS supports the good safety profile of rosuvastatin and atorvastatin reported previously by two post hoc subgroup analyses.
1	his is the scenario considered by Haghighi and Klein   for POS tagging: how to construct an accurate tagger given a set of tags and a few example words for each of those tags
1	5.3   Snow   has extended the WordNet 2.1 by adding thousands of entries   at a relatively high precision.
1	The literature on relational similarity, on the other hand, has focused on pairs of words, devising various methods to compare how similar the contexts in which target pairs appear are to the contexts of other pairs that instantiate a relation of interest  .
0	Audio data amenable to summarization include meeting recordings  , telephone conversations  , news broadcasts  , presentations  , etc. Although extractive summarization is not as ideal as abstractive summarization, it outperforms several comparable alternatives.
1	The simplest version, called Dependency Model with Valence  , has been used in isolation and in combination with other models  .
2	The lasers most frequently used in endodontic therapy are the Nd:YAG laser   and erbium lasers   due to their microbial reduction potential  .
1	Other possibilities for the weighting include assigning constant one or the exponential of the final score etc. One of the advantages of the proposed phrase training algorithm is that it is a parameterized procedure that can be optimized jointly with the trans82 lation engine to minimize the final translation errors measured by automatic metrics such as BLEU  .
1	The translation models were pharse-based   created using the GIZA++ toolkit  .
2	Previous work has demonstrated that this scoring function is able to provide high discrimination power for a variety of applications  .
1	We chose this inverse direction since it can be integrated directly into the decoder and, thus, does not rely on a two-pass approach using reranking, as it is the case for  .
1	We used the Wall Street Journal   part of the Penn Treebank  , where extraction is represented by co-indexing an empty terminal element   to its antecedent.
1	4 Towards an adequate similarity esfimatation for the building of ontologies The comparison with the similarity score of   shows that SYCLADE similarity indicator is specifically relevant for ontology bootstrap and tuning.
1	Empirical evaluation has been done with the ERG on a small set of texts from the Wall Street Journal Section 22 of the Penn Treebank  .
2	Use of global features for structured prediction problem has been explored by several NLP applications such as sequential labeling   and dependency parsing   with a great deal of success.
1	After building the chunker, students were asked to 4 choose a verb and then analyze verb-argument structure  ).
2	Urine in humans typically contains 10–30% inorganic arsenic, 10–20% MMA, and 60–80% DMA, indicating relatively efficient methylation  .
1	As pointed out by Johnson  , in effect this expression adds to c a small value that asymptotically approaches  0.5 as c approaches , and 0 as c approaches 0.
1	eNero and Klein   use a syntaxbased distance in an HMM word alignment model to favor syntax-friendly alignments
1	OS tag the text using the tagger of Ratnaparkhi  
2	using the Reading Span  , one of the most widely used paradigms for the evaluation of selective attention; Abstraction and conceptual flexibility   were assessed by means of the modified Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (number categories and perseverative
1	Moreover, as stated in  , we assume that the alleged predicate is existentially opaque in its second argument.
0	…813 ± 82 831 ± 55 a aa, amino acids. b Based on within-vertebrate divergence times. c Based on animal–fungus divergence times. invertebrate divergence time is more reliable than theirs, because mitochondrial genes they used are not evolving in a clocklike fashion in vertebrates  .
1	The pipeline extracts a Hiero-style synchronous context-free grammar  , employs suffix-array based rule extraction  , and tunes model parameters with minimum error rate training  .
1	5.5 Dependency validity features Like  , we extract the dependency path from the question word to the common word  , and the path from candidate answer   to the common word for each pair of question and candidate sentence using Stanford dependency parser  .
1	Our method is similar to  ,  , and   in the use of dependency relationships as the word features.
1	An acceptable agreement for most NLP classification tasks lies between 0.7 and 0.8  .
2	he Yarowsky   algorithm was one of the first bootstrapping algorithms to become widely known in computational linguistics
1	3.4 Feature Representation Ranking Models Following previous work on sentiment classi cation  , we represent each review as a vector of lexical features.
1	This algorithm adjusts the log-linear weights so that BLEU   is maximized over a given development set.
1	We tested the techniques described above with the previous Bakeoffs data5  .
1	Optimization and measurement were done with the NIST implementation of case-insensitive BLEU 4n4r  .4 4.1 Baseline We compared translation by pattern matching with a conventional exact model representation using external prefix trees  .
1	Machine translation has code-like characteristics, and indeed, the initial models of   took a word-substitution/transposition approach, trained on a parallel text.
1	Thus, we are focusing on Inversion Transduction Grammars   which are an important subclass of SCFG.
1	e adopt a similar approach to the one used in Turney   and consider each question as a separate binary classification problem with one positive training instance and 5 unknown pairs
1	As an additional baseline, we compare against a phrasal SMT decoder, Pharaoh  .
1	The agreement on identifying the boundaries of units, using the  statistic discussed in  , was  =.9  ; the agreement on features   was as follows: UTYPE: =.76; VERBED: =.9; FINITE: =.81.
1	For the constituent-based models, constituent information was obtained from the output of Collins parser   for English and Dubeys parser   for German.
1	hese tables were computed from a small fragment of the Canadian Hansards that has been used in a number of other studies: Church   and Simard et al  
1	The flow using non-local features in two-stage architecture 2.4 Results We employ BIOE1 label scheme for the NER task because we found it performs better than IOB2 on Bakeoff 2006   NER MSRA and CityU corpora.
1	5We use deterministic sampling, which is useful for reproducibility and for minimum error rate training  .
1	In addition, the calculation cost for estimating parameters of embedded joint PMs   is independent of the number of HMMs, J, that we used  .
1	The small differences from their work are:   We used characters as the unit as we described above,   While Kazama and Torisawa   checked only the word sequences that start with a capitalized word and thus exploitedthecharacteristicsofEnglishlanguage, we checked the matching at every character,   We used a TRIE to make the look-up efcient.
1	We evaluate the summaries using the automatic evaluation tool ROUGE     and the ROUGE value works as the feedback to our learning loop.
1	Illustrative clusterings of this type can also be found in Pereira, Tishby, and Lee  , Brown, Della Pietra, Mercer, Della Pietra, and Lai  , Kneser and Ney  , and Brill et al.
1	3.2 Domain Adaptation Track As mentioned previously, the source data is drawn from a corpus of news, specifically the Wall Street Journal section of the Penn Treebank  .
1	Moreover, the parameters of the model must be estimated using averaged perceptron training  , which can be unstable.
1	The observation that shallow syntactic information can be extracted using local information by examining the pattern itself, its nearby context and the local part-of-speech information has motivated the use of learning methods to recognize these patterns  .
1	Our learning method is an extension of Collinss perceptron-based method for sequence labeling  .
1	Recently, Snow, Jurafsky and Ng   generated tens of thousands of hypernym patterns and combined these with noun clusters to generate high-precision suggestions for unknown noun insertion into WordNet  .
1	Recently, it has gained renewed attention as empirical methods in parsing have emphasized the importance of relations between words  ), which is what dependency grammars model explicitly, but context-free phrase-structure grammars do not.
1	For these first SMT systems, translation-model probabilities at the sentence level were approximated from word-based translation models that were trained by using bilingual corpora  .
1	The pchemtb-closed shared task   is used to illustrate our models.
2	Among recent top performing methods are Hidden Markov Models  , maximum entropy approaches  , and transformation-based learning  .
1	We benchmark our results against a model   which was directly trained to optimise BLEUNIST using the standard MERT algorithm   and the full set of translation and lexical weight features described for the Hiero model  .
2	Weight averaging was also employed  , which helped improve performance.
2	33 Hiero Search Refinements Huang and Chiang   offer several refinements to cube pruning to improve translation speed
1	All reviews were automatically preprocessed to remove both explicit rating indicators and objective sentences; the motivation for the latter step is that it has previously aided positive vs. negative classi cation  .
1	In order to improve sentence-level evaluation performance, several metrics have been proposed, including ROUGE-W, ROUGE-S   and METEOR  .
1	For this we used two resources: CELEX a linguistically annotated dictionary of English, Dutch and German  , and the Dutch snowball stemmer implementing a suf x stripping algorithm based on the Porter stemmer.
1	This method is described hereafter, while the subsequent steps, that use deeper   levels of knowledge, are implemented into the ARIOSTO_LEX lexical learning system, described in  .
1	The k-best list is very important for the minimum error rate training   which is used for tuning the weights  for our model.
1	The quality of the translation output is evaluated using BLEU  .
1	1 Introduction Conditional Maximum Entropy   models have been widely used for a variety of tasks, including language modeling  , part-of-speech tagging, prepositional phrase attachment, and parsing  , word selection for machine translation  , and finding sentence boundaries  .
0	Also, slightly restating the advantages of phrase-pairs identified in  , these blocks are effective at capturing context including the encoding of non-compositional phrase pairs, and capturing local reordering, but they lack variables  , have sparsity problems, and lack a strategy for global reordering.
1	As Marcu and Echihabi   point out, WordNet does not encode antonymy across part-of-speech  .
1	In the following section, we follow the notation in  .
2	provide a promising physical framework to rationalize the high intrinsic enthalpic signatures of 15–40 kcal mol−1  
1	From this data, we use the the GHKM minimal-rule extraction algorithm of   to yield rules like: NP-C )$x1 de x0 Though this rule can be used in either direction, here we use it right-to-left  .
2	Experiments show that the resulting rule set significantly improves the speed and accuracy over monolingual binarization   in a stateof-the-art syntax-based machine translation system  .
1	Researchers such as   and   have applied robust grammars and statistical techniques over large corpora to extract interesting noun phrases and subject-verb, verb-object pairs.
2	5.1 The statistical parser The parsing model is the one proposed in Merlo and Musillo  , which extends the syntactic parser of Henderson   and Titov and Henderson   with annotations which identify semantic role labels, and has competitive performance.
1	Gibbs sampling is not new to the natural language processing community  .
1	Following the guidelines of the workshop we built baseline systems, using the lower-cased Europarl parallel corpus  , GIZA++  , Moses  , and the SRI LM toolkit   to build 5-gram LMs.
1	First, a parsing-based approach attempts to recover partial parses from the parse chart when the input cannot be parsed in its entirety due to noise, in order to construct a   semantic representation  .
0	The 75.4% results may seen low compared to parsing results like the 88% precision and recall in  , but those parsing results include many easier-to-parse constructs.
1	Alternatively, order is modelled in terms of movement of automatically induced hierarchical structure of sentences  .
1	scored with lowercased, tokenized NIST BLEU, and exact match METEOR  .
2	The improved pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic parameters of ixazomib compared to bortezomib have made it a focus of investigation for use in combination with other pro-apoptotic agents  .
2	Experiment Implementation: We apply SVM algorithm to construct our classifiers which has been shown to perform better than many other classification algorithms  .
2	ther insights borrowed from the current state of the art include minimum-error-rate training of log-linear models   and use of an m-gram language model
2	Systems based on perceptron have been shown to be competitive in NER and text chunking   We specify the model and the features with the LBJ   modeling language.
2	Parallelization with GNU parallel  To get the subset of results related to the e-commerce packages of interest, we merged the top 40 list provided by Robertshaw, the top ten of builtwith.comand the leading systemsfrom the Gartner and Forresterreports, as already mentioned.
2	Data on sex, age, health characteristics such as hospital stay, antibiotic therapy during the previous three months and surgery within the past 30 days, current healthcare-associated infection and/ or antibiotic therapy, presence of urinary or vascular catheters, pressure sores and other wounds as well as case history for MDRO were obtained for all participants, using the well-established HALT questionnaire   in Europe  .
2	Thispaperfocusesontheframeworkintroduced in Figure 2 for two reasons:   cautious al50 gorithms were shown to perform best for several NLP problems  , and   it has nice theoretical properties: Abney   showed that, regardless of the selection procedure, sequential bootstrapping algorithms converge to a local minimum of K, where K is an upper bound of the negative log likelihood of the data.
1	Labelling was carried out by three computational linguistics graduate students with 89% agreement resulting in a Kappa statistic of 0.87, which is a satisfactory indication that our corpus can be labelled with high reliability using our tag set  .
1	4.1 NER features We used the features generated by the CRF package  .
1	We use a program to label syntactic arguments with the roles they are playing  , and the rules for complement/adjunct distinction given by   to never allow deletion of the complement.
1	In comparison we introduce 28 several metrics coefficients reported in Albrecht and Hwa   including smoothed BLEU  , METEOR  , HWCM  , and the metric proposed in Albrecht and Hwa   using the full feature set.
2	1 Introduction In recent years, phrase-based systems for statistical machine translation   have delivered state-of-the-art performance on standard translation tasks.
1	For all non-LEAF systems, we take the best performing of the union, refined and intersection symmetrization heuristics   to combine the 1-to-N and M-to-1 directions resulting in a M-to-N alignment.
1	Consequently, here we employ multiple references to evaluate MT systems like BLEU   and NIST  .
1	The data sets used are the standard data sets for this problem   taken from the Wall Street Journal corpus in the Penn Treebank  .
1	Most current SMT systems   use a generative model for word alignment such as the freely available GIZA++  , an implementation of the IBM alignment models  .
1	1 Introduction Co-training  , and several variants of co-training, have been applied to a number of NLP problems, including word sense disambiguation  , named entity recognition  , noun phrase bracketing   and statistical parsing  .
1	The decoder is capable of producing nbest derivations and nbest lists  , which are used for Maximum Bleu training  .
2	All state-of-the-art wide-coverage parsers relax this assumption in some way, for instance by   changing the parser in step  , such that the application of rules is conditioned on other steps in the derivation process  , or by   enriching the nonterminal labels in step   with context-information  , along with suitable backtransforms in step  .
1	The upper envelope is a convex hull and can be inscribed with a convex polygon whose edges are the segments of a piecewise linear function in   : EnvD4fD5 AG max eC8C AWa D4e,fD5 A0  A4 bD4e,fD5 :  C8 RB4   726 Score  Error count  0 0 e1 e2 e5 e6 e8 e1e 2 e3 e4 e5e6e 7 e8 Figure 1: The upper envelope   for a set of lines is the convex hull which consists of the topmost line segments.
1	For example, the HMM aligner achieves an AER of 20.7 when using the competitive thresholding heuristic of DeNero and Klein  .
1	As such, discourse markers play an important role in the parsing of natural language discourse  , and their correspondence with discourse relations can be exploited for the unsupervised learning of discourse relations  .
2	The most widely used association weight function is   Mutual Information    .
1	Typical approaches to conversion of constituent structures into dependencies are based on handconstructed head percolation rules, an idea that has its roots in lexicalized constituent parsing  .
1	However, more recent work   has presented efforts in evolving and scaling up annotation techniques to the Penn-II Treebank  , containing more than 1,000,000 words and 49,000 sentences.
2	The approach has been shown to give improvements over the MAP classifier in many areas of natural language processing including automatic speech recognition  , machine translation  , bilingual word alignment  , andparsing .
1	In the refined model 2   alignment probabilities a  are included to model the effect that the position of a word influences the position of its translation.
1	Since then this idea has been applied to several tasks, including word sense disambiguation   and named-entity recognition  .
1	However, the fact that the DGSSN uses a large-vocabulary tagger   as a preprocessing stage may compensate for its smaller vocabulary.
2	Support Vector Machines     and Maximum Entropy   method   are powerful learning methods that satisfy such requirements, and are applied successfully to other NLP tasks  .
2	For example, the second version of the Microsoft Kinect   is one of the most low-cost and high-speed Time-of-Flight   sensors in the market  .
1	As the third test set we selected all tokens of the Brown corpus part of the Penn Treebank  , a selected portion of the original one-million word Brown corpus  , a collection of samples of American English in many different genres, from sources printed in 1961; we refer to this test set as BROWN.
1	5 Phrase Pair Induction A common approach to phrase-based translation is to extract an inventory of phrase pairs   from bitext  , For example, in the phraseextract algorithm  , a word alignment am1 is generated over the bitext, and all word subsequences ei2i1 and fj2j1 are found that satisfy : am1 : aj    .
1	In  , finite-state machine translation is based on   and is used for decoding the target language string.
1	In addition to this phrase translation probability feature, Hieros feature set includes the inverse phrase translation probability log p , lexical weights lexwt  and lexwt , which are estimates of translation quality based on word-level correspondences  , and a rule penalty allowing the model to learn a preference for longer or shorter derivations; see   for details.
1	Independently, in artificial intelligence an effort arose to encode large amounts of commonsense knowledge  .
1	Typically, the local context around the 215 word to be sense-tagged is used to disambiguate the sense  , and it is common for linguistic resources such as WordNet  , or bilingual data   to be employed as well as more longrange context.
0	Thirdly,   deploys the dependency language model to augment the lexical language model probability be1183 tween two head words but never seek a full dependency graph.
1	This approach is also used in base-NP chunking   and named entity recognition   as well as word segmentation.
1	Finally, it should be noted that in the current implementation, we have not applied any of the possible optimizations that appear in the literature   to speed up normalization of the probability distribution q. These improvements take advantage of a models structure to simplify the evaluation of the denominator in  .
1	We used a maximummatching algorithm and a dictionary compiled from the CTB   to do segmentation, and trained a maximum entropy part-ofspeech tagger   and TAG-based parser   on the CTB to do tagging and parsing.4 Then the same feature extraction and model-training was done for the PDN corpus as for the CTB.
2	Collins and Koo   introduced an improved reranking model for parsing which includes a hidden layer of semantic features.
1	 ), the tagger for grammatical functions works with lexical and contextual probability measures Pq .
1	In our experiments we use the same definition of structural locality as was proposed for the ISBN dependency parser in  .
2	The moonlighting functions of several canonical metabolic enzymes have been described in mammals, fungi, plants, and protozoa  .
2	We choose InferSent because it performed competitively with the best-scoring systems on the Stanford Natural Language Inference   dataset  , while being representative of the types of neural architectures commonly used for NLI tasks.
1	As with many dependency parsers  , we handle non-projective   arcs by transforming them into noncrossing arcs with augmented labels.1 Because our syntactic derivations are equivalent to those of  , we use their HEAD methods to projectivise the syntactic dependencies.
0	However, such constructions prove to be difficult for stochastic parsers   and they either avoid tackling the problem   or only deal with a subset of the problematic cases  .
1	4 Optimizing Metric Parameters The original version of Meteor   has instantiated values for three parameters in the metric: one for controlling the relative weight of precision and recall in computing the Fmean score  ; one governing the shape of the penalty as a function of fragmentation   and one for the relative weight assigned to the fragmentation penalty  .
1	  from the Penn Treebank   WSJ corpus.
1	To search for the most probable parse, we use the heuristic search algorithm described in  , which is a form of beam search.
1	Our MT baseline system is based on Moses decoder   with word alignment obtained from GIZA++  .
2	In the domain of supply chain, logistics, and operations management, the approach has been popularized by Holmström et al.  , leading to promising initial applications  .
1	3.1 The Corpus The systems are applied to examples from the Penn Treebank   a corpus of over 4.5 million words of American English annotated with both part-of-speech and syntactic tree information.
1	2 Motivation In the past, work has been done in the area of characterizing words and phrases according to their emotive tone  , but in many domains of text, the values of individual phrases may bear little relation to the overall sentiment expressed by the text.
1	In   it was observed that a significant percent of the queries made by a user in a search engine are associated to a repeated search.
2	They provide pairs of phrases that are used to construct a large set of potential translations for each input sentence, along with feature values associated with each phrase pair that are used to select the best translation from this set.1 The most widely used method for building phrase translation tables   selects, from a word alignment of a parallel bilingual training corpus, all pairs of phrases   that are consistent with the alignment.
0	arowsky   showed that the learning strategy of bootstrapping from small tagged data led to results rivaling supervised training methods
2	Successflfl examples of reuse of data resources include: the WordNet thesaurus  ; the Penn Tree Bank  ; the Longmans Dictionary of Contemporary English  .
1	6 Coding reliability The reliability of the annotation was evaluated using the kappa statistic  .
1	ollins   Model 3 integrates the detection and resolution of WH-traces in relative clauses into a lexicalized PCFG
1	5.2 Evaluation Criteria For the automatic evaluation, we used the criteria from the IWSLT evaluation campaign  , namely word error rate  , positionindependent word error rate  , and the BLEU and NIST scores  .
1	As, Rapp   observes, choosing a window size involves making a trade-off between various qualities.
1	3.3 Syntax based approach An alternative to the Window and Document-oriented approach is to use syntactical information  .
1	The 1000-best lists are augmented with IBM Model-1   scores and then rescored with a second set of MET parameters.
1	It is true that various term extraction systems have been developed, such as Xtract  , Termight  , and TERMS   among others (cf.
1	Evaluations are typically carried out on newspaper texts, i.e. on section 23 of the Penn Treebank    .
1	Other authors have applied this approach to language modeling  .
1	The most obvious comparison takes on the form of a keyword analysis, which looks for the words that are significantly more frequent in the one corpus as compared to the other  .
1	For each co-occurring pair of word types u and v, these likelihoods are initially set proportional to their co-occurrence frequency n  and inversely proportional to their marginal frequencies n  and n  z, following   2.
2	Perhaps the best established function of mammalian ChREBPMlx is promotion of de novo lipogenesis in response to high carbohydrate intake  .
1	For word alignment accuracy, F-measure is reported, i.e., the harmonic mean of precision and recall against a gold-standard reference set; for translation quality, Bleu   and its variation of NIST scores are reported.
1	  applies this approach to the so-called IBM Candide system to build context dependent models, compute automatic sentence splitting and to improve word reordering in translation.
2	A more refined algorithm, the incremental feature selection algorithm by Berger et al  , allows one feature being added at each selection and at the same time keeps estimated parameter values for the features selected in the previous stages.
2	We compare semisupervised LEAF with a previous state of the art semi-supervised system  .
1	As the strength of relevance between a target compound noun t and its co-occurring word r, the feature value of r, w  is deflned by the log likelihood ratio   1 as follows.
1	EMD training   combines generative and discriminative elements.
2	Online votedperceptrons have been reported to work well in a number of NLP tasks  .
1	Between these two extremes, there has been a relatively modest amount of work in sentence simplification   and document compression   in which words, phrases, and sentences are selected in an extraction process.
1	ch   developed a training procedure that incorporates various MT evaluation criteria in the training procedure of log-linear MT models
1	As in phrasebased translation model estimation, ? also contains two lexical weights  , counters for number of target terminals generated.
1	In several papers  , selection criteria for single word trigger pairs were studied.
1	In many applications, it is natural and convenient to construct class-based language models, that is models based on classes of words  .
1	We employ the loglikelihood ratio as a measure of the collocational status of the adjective-noun pair  .
1	6 Related Work A large body of previous work exists on extending WORDNET with additional concepts and instances  ; these methods do not address attributes directly.
2	arowsky   successfully used this observation as an approximate annotation technique in an unsupervised WSD model
2	Of the beneficial actions of garlic, such as antitumorigenesis, antiatherosclerosis, blood sugar modulation and antibiosis, inhibition of the growth of cancer is perhaps the most notable  .
1	The score combination weights are trained by a minimum error rate training procedure similar to  .
1	While we have observed reasonable results with both G 2 and Fisher's exact test, we have not yet discussed how these results compare to the results that can be obtained with a technique commonly used in corpus linguistics based on the mutual information   measure  : I  --log 2 P    P P  In  , y is the seed term and x a potential target word.
1	This differs from typical generative settings for IR and MT  , where all conditioned events are disjoint by construction.
1	Above the phrase level, these models typically have a simple distortion model that reorders phrases independently of their content  , or not at all  .
1	This is the way the Maximum Entropy tagger   runs if one uses the binary version from the website  .
1	u   adopted chammls that eliminate syntactically unlikely alignments and Wang et al
1	In addition to portability experiments with the parsing model of  ,   provided a comprehensive analysis of parser portability.
1	Table 6 shows 3An exception is Golding  , who uses the entire Brown corpus for training   and 3/4 of the Wall Street Journal corpus   for testing.
1	5.2 A data recovery task In the second evaluation, the estimation method had to distinguish between members of two sets of 8It should be emphasized that the TWS method uses only a monolingual target corpus, and not a bilingual corpus as in other methods  ).
1	5.3 Related works and discussion Our two-step model essentially belongs to the same category as the works of   and  .
1	With this model, we can provide not only qualitative textual summarization such as good food and bad service, but also a numerical scoring of sentiment, i.e., how good the food is and how bad the service is. 2 Related Work There have been many studies on sentiment classification and opinion summarization  .
1	For example, both papers propose minimum-risk decoding, and McDonald and Satta   discuss unsupervised learning and language modeling, while Smith and Smith   define hiddenvariable models based on spanning trees.
1	Dubey et al. proposed an unlexicalized PCFG parser that modied PCFG probabilities to condition the existence of syntactic parallelism  .
1	In comparison with shallow semantic analysis tasks, such as wordsense disambiguation   and semantic role labeling  , which only partially tackle this problem by identifying the meanings of target words or finding semantic roles of predicates, semantic parsing   pursues a more ambitious goal  mapping natural language sentences to complete formal meaning representations  , where the meaning of each part of a sentence is analyzed, including noun phrases, verb phrases, negation, quantifiers and so on.
1	In addition, we use the measure from Resnik  , which is computed using an intrinsic information content measure relying on the hierarchical structure of the category tree  .
2	This method has also been successfully applied to the insect nervous system  .
2	As the Arabidopsis leaf Xavonoids are mainly composed of kaempferol and quercetin derivatives   this approach proved suYcient to
1	One such approach is maximum entropy classification  , which we use in the form of a library implemented by Tsuruoka1 and used in his classifier-based parser  .
1	In this paper, we make a direct comparison of a syntactically unsupervised alignment model, based on Wu  , with a syntactically supervised model, based on Yamada and Knight  .
2	Interestingly, previous sentiment analysis research found that a minimum-cut formulation for the binary subjective/objective distinction yielded good results  .
1	For example, bilingual lexicographers can use bitexts to discover new cross-language lexicalization patterns  ; students of foreign languages can use one half of a bitext to practice their reading skills, referring to the other half for translation when they get stuck  .
1	Classes were identified using a POS tagger   trained on the tagged Switchboard corpus.
1	4 Experiments and Results 4.1 Set up We parsed the 3 GB AQUAINT corpus   using Minipar  , and collected verb-object and verb-subject frequencies, building an empirical MI model from this data.
1	We used the implementation of MaxEnt classifier described in  .
1	These were: BLEU  , NIST  , WER  , PER  , GTM  , and METEOR  .
1	We therefore ran the dependency model on a test corpus tagged with the POS-tagger of Ratnaparkhi  , which is trained on the original Penn Treebank   in Table 3).
1	First, as originally advocated by Hobbs  , we adopt an ONTOLOGICALLY PROMISCUOUS representation that includes a wide variety of types of entities.
1	It differs from the many approaches where   is defined by a stochastic synchronous grammar   and from transfer-based systems defined by context-free grammars  .
1	For evaluation we use ROUGE   SU4 recall metric1, which was among the official automatic evaluation metrics for DUC.
1	The kappa statistic   for identifying question segments is 0.68, and for linking question and answer segments given a question segment is 0.81.
2	We discretise the gradient descent equation   on a regular grid using finite differences and solve it efficiently using the recently proposed fast explicit diffusion    .
1	11 This low agreement ratio is also re ected in a measure called the  statistic  .
1	  Merkel, Nilsson, & Ahrenberg   have constructed a system that uses frequency of recurrent segments to determine long phrases.
1	We evaluate the system generated summaries using the automatic evaluation toolkit ROUGE  .
1	2 Statistical Translation Engine A word-based translation engine is used based on the so-called IBM-4 model  .
1	2.2 Co-occurrence-based approaches The second class of algorithms uses cooccurrence statistics  .
2	Besides the most popular datasets  , we also considered some larger datasets (e.
1	2 The Penn Discourse TreeBank   The PDTB contains annotations of discourse relations and their arguments on the Wall Street Journal corpus  .
1	This research has focused mostly on the development of statistical parsers trained on large annotated corpora, in particular the Penn Treebank WSJ corpus  .
2	g2 2 Motivation The success of Statistical Machine Translation   has sparked a successful line of investigation that treats paraphrase acquisition and generation essentially as a monolingual machine translation problem  .
1	1 Introduction In the part-of-speech hterature, whether taggers are based on a rule-based approach  ,  ,  , or on a statistical one  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  , there is a debate as to whether more attention should be paid to lexical probabilities rather than contextual ones.
1	 ; we also introduce an approach related to the conditional log-linear models of Ratnaparkhi, Roukos, and Ward  , Papineni, Roukos, and Ward  , Johnson et al.
1	In addition, uniform conditioning on mother grammatical function is more general than the case-phenomena specific generation grammar transform of  , in that it applies to each and every sub-part of a recursive input f-structure driving generation, making available relevant generation history   to guide local generation decisions.
1	This also makes our grammar weakly equivalent to an inversion transduction grammar  , although the conversion would create a very large number of new nonterminal symbols.
1	For our out-of-domain training condition, the parser was trained on sections 2-21 of the Wall Street Journal   corpus  .
1	the syntax-based system, we ran a reimplementation of the Collins parser   on the English half of the bitext to produce parse trees, then restructured and relabeled them as described in Section 3.2.
0	, 2016), rather than non-targeted control such as the culling campaigns that have been largely unsuccessful in suppressing disease transmission  .
1	Feature function scaling factors m are optimized based on a maximum likelihood approach   or on a direct error minimization approach  .
1	For example, the constrained optimization method of   relies on approximations of sensitivity   and specificity2  ; related techniques   rely on approximations of true positives, false positives, and false negatives, and, indirectly, recall and precision.
2	Indole-3-carbinol is used as standard reference compound as its chemopreventive potential by modulating the activities of phase I and phase II enzymes has been well established in the literature  .
1	For example, a perceptron algorithm is used for joint Chinese word segmentation and POS tagging  .
1	In order to determine interannotator agreement for step 2 of the coding procedure for the database of annotated texts, we calculated kappa statistics  .
1	We collect substring rationales for a sentiment classification task   and use them to obtain significant accuracy improvements for each annotator.
2	However, except for  , none of these advances in alignment quality has improved translation quality of a state-of-the-art system.
1	Some of them use human reference translations, e.g., the BLEU method  , which is based on comparison of N-gram models in MT output and in a set of human reference translations.
1	In the Penn Treebank  , null elements, or empty categories, are used to indicate non-local dependencies, discontinuous constituents, and certain missing elements.
1	In  , lexical 72 features were limited on each single side due to the feature space problem.
1	Methods have been proposed for automatic evaluation in MT  ).
1	2 The WFST Reordering Model The Translation Template Model   is a generative model of phrase-based translation  .
1	It was also included in the DUC 2004 evaluation plan where summary quality was automatically judged using a set of n-gram word overlap metrics called ROUGE  .
1	In the following experiments, we run two machine learning classifiers: Bayes Point Machines    , and the maximum entropy model    .
1	As described in Section 4, we define the problem of term variation identifica1484 tion as a binary classification task, and build two types of classifiers according to the maximum entropy model   and the MART algorithm  , where all term similarity metrics are incorporated as features and are jointly optimized.
1	6 Related Work and Discussion There are several studies that used automatically extracted gazetteers for NER  .
1	For instance  ,     all automatically acquire large TAGs for English from the Penn Treebank  .
1	In this paper we focus on the second issue, constraining the grammar to the binary-branching Inversion Transduction Grammar of Wu  .
1	Word alignment is also a required first step in other algorithms such as for learning sub-sentential phrase pairs   or the generation of parallel treebanks  .
2	1.1 Stability of Queuing Networks Queuing networks is one of the most used tools to model Discrete Event Dynamic System  , Cassandras and Lafortune  , useful to model realities like communication networks or manufacturing systems.
1	A conditional maximum entropy model q  for p has the parametric form  : q  = exp T f   y2Y  exp )   where  is a d-dimensional parameter vector and T f   is the inner product of the parameter vector and a feature vector.
1	Lin  s similar word list for eat misses these but includes sleep   and sit  , because these have similar subjects to eat.
1	similar approach has been advocated for the interpretation of discourse relations by Marcu and Echihabi  
1	Table 2 summarizes the characteristics of the training corpus used for training the parameters of Model 4 proposed in  .
1	In comparison,   achieved 48 Table 1: A summary of the experimental results on four polysemous words.
1	Our baseline method for ambiguity resolution is the Collins parser as implemented by Bikel  .
1	This is concordant with the usage in the maximum entropy literature  .
1	In order to calculate a global score or probability for a transition sequence, two systems used a Markov chain approach  .
2	This averaging effect has been shown to help overfitting  .
1	BLEU   is a canonical example: in matching n-grams in a candidate translation text with those in a reference text, the metric measures faithfulness by counting the matches, and fluency by implicitly using the reference n-grams as a language model.
1	The two annotators agreed on the annotations of 385/453 turns, achieving 84.99% agreement  ).
1	In addition to the block sampler used by Bhattacharya and Getoor  , we are investigating general-purpose splitmerge samplers   and the permutation sampler  .
1	Banerjee and Lavie   introduce the Meteor metric, which also incorporates recall on the unigram level and further provides facilities incorporating stemming, and WordNet synonyms as a more flexible match.
1	achine translation   but also in other applications such as word sense disanabiguation   and bilingnal lexicography  
1	Generalized Forward Backward Reestimation Generalization of the Forward and Viterbi Algorithm In English part of speech taggers, the maximization of Equation   to get the most likely tag sequence, is accomplished by the Viterbi algorithm  , and the maximum likelihood estimates of the parameters of Equation   are obtained from untagged corpus by the ForwardBackward algorithm  .
1	1 Introduction In global linear models   for structured prediction,  ), the optimal label y for an input x is y = arg max yY  w f    where Y  is the set of possible labels for the input x; f   Rd is a feature vector that represents the pair  ; and w is a parameter vector.
1	illmann and Zhang   describe a perceptron style algorithm for training millions of features
1	2.1 Word Sequence Classification Similar to English text chunking  , the word sequence classification model aims to classify each word via encoding its context features.
0	Other statistical machine translation systems such as   and   also produce a tree a15 given a sentence a16 . Their models are based on mechanisms that generate two languages at the same time, so an English tree a15 is obtained as a subproduct of parsing a16 . However, their use of the LM is not mathematically motivated, since their models do not decompose into Pa4a5a2a9a8a3a10a6 and a12a14a4a5a3a7a6 unlike the noisy channel model.
1	Several recent papers have studied the use of annotations obtained from Amazon Mechanical Turk, a marketplace for recruiting online workers  .
1	We carefully implemented the original Grammar Association system described in  , tuned empirically a couple of smoothing parameters, trained the models and, finally, obtained an a119a21a120 a100 a104a122a121 of correct translations.9 Then, we studied the impact of:   sorting, as proposed in Section 3, the set of sentences presented to ECGI;   making language models deterministic and minimum;   constraining the best translation search to those sentences whose lengths have been seen, in the training set, related to the length of the input sentence.
1	Additionally, some research has explored cutting and pasting segments of text from the full document to generate a summary  .
1	The original IBM Models   learn word-to-word alignment probabilities which makes it computationally feasible to estimate model parameters from large amounts of training data.
2	One of the remarkable results of the application of the solubilization at 4 C with nonionic detergents of the erythrocyte membrane is the almost complete exclusion of band 3 protein from the DRMs  .
1	albot and Brants   used a Bloomier filter to encode a LM
1	Yarowsky   proposes a method for word sense disambiguation, which is based on Monolingual Bootstrapping.
1	The chunker is trained on the answer side of the Training corpus in order to learn 2 and 3word collocations, defined using the likelihood ratio of Dunning  .
1	More rare words rather than common words are found even in standard dictionaries  .
1	In previous alignment methods, some researchers modeled the alignments with different statistical models  .
1	Most previous work with CRFs containing nonlocal dependencies used approximate probabilistic inference techniques, including TRP   and Gibbs sampling  .
2	1 Introduction Statistical parsing models have been shown to be successful in recovering labeled constituencies   and have also been shown to be adequate in recovering dependency relationships  .
1	Concluding Remarks Formalisms for finite-state and context-free transduction have a long history  , and such formalisms have been applied to the machine translation problem, both in the finite-state case   and the context-free case  .
1	  proposed a method to retrieve collocations by combining bigrams whose cooccurrences are greater than a given threshold 3.
1	n the LFG-based generation algorithm presented by Cahill and van Genabith   complex named entities   and other multi-word units can be fragmented in the surface realization
1	  makes a similar point, noting that for reviews, \the whole is not necessarily the sum of the parts"").
1	The notion of incrementally merging classes of lexical items is intuitively satisfying and is explored in detail in  .
1	3.3 System evaluation Since both the system translations and the reference translations are available for the tuning 43 set, we first compare each output to the reference translation using BLEU   and METEOR   and a combined scoring scheme provided by the ULC toolkit  .
0	Unlike MaxEnt training, the method   used for estimating the weight vector for BLEU maximization are not computationally scalable for a large number of feature functions.
1	NeATS computes the likelihood ratio   to identify key concepts in unigrams, bigrams, and trigrams and clusters these concepts in order to identify major subtopics within the main topic.
2	…demonstrated that blocking MST1/2 kinase activities with a newly identified compound, 4- amino)benzenesulfonamide  , has benefits for intestinal and liver repair and regeneration in mice  .
1	In the last decade or so research on lexical semantics has focused more on sub-problems like word sense disambiguation  , named entity recognition  , and vocabulary construction for information extraction  .
1	6 Discourse Context   pointed out that the sense of a target word is highly consistent within any given document  .
1	A variety of synset similarity measures based on properties of WordNet itself have been proposed; nine such measures are discussed in  , including gloss-based heuristics  , information-content based measures  , and others.
2	One possible approach is to employ state-of-the-art techniques for coreference and zeroanaphora resolution   in preprocessing cooccurrence samples.
1	CRP-based samplers have served the communitywellinrelatedlanguagetasks,suchaswordsegmentation and coreference resolution  .
1	3.3 Language Model We estimate P  using n-gram LMs trained on data from the Web, using Stupid Backoff  .
1	2.2 Word Alignment Aligning below the sentence level is usually done using statistical models for machine translation   where any word of the targetlanguageistakentobeapossibletranslation for each source language word.
2	Here, the relative length of cohesive element is le/L = 0.0067 and approximately 100 cohesive elements are adopted in the cohesive zone, which satisfies the requirement of the minimum number of elements   and can effectively capture the crack growth in dentin.
1	he tag propagation/elimination scheme is adopted from  
1	The data consists of 2,544 main clauses from the Wall Street Journal Treebank corpus  .
1	The principle of our approach is more similar to  .
1	A variety of approaches have been investigated for speech summarization, for example, maximum entropy, conditional random fields, latent semantic analysis, support vector machines, maximum marginal relevance  .
2	1 Introduction Several efficient, accurate and robust approaches to data-driven dependency parsing have been proposed recently   for syntactic analysis of natural language using bilexical dependency relations  .
0	They generally perform less well on low-frequency words  .
1	Whilst, the parameters for the maximum entropy model are developed based on the minimum error rate training method  .
1	e solve SAT analogies with a simplified version of the method of Turney  
1	Ramshaw and Marcus  first represented base noun phrase recognition as a machine learning problem.
1	There are also automatic methods for summary evaluation, such as ROUGE  , which gives a score based on the similarity in the sequences of words between a human-written model summary  and  the  machine  summary.
1	The automatic alignments were extracted by appending the manually aligned sentences on to the respective Europarl v3 corpora and aligning them using GIZA++   and the growfinal-diag algorithm  .
2	The use of dependencies in MT evaluation has not been extensively researched before  ), and requires more research to improve it, but the method shows potential to become an accurate evaluation metric.
1	Recently, Bean and Riloff   presented an unsupervised approach to coreference resolution, which mined the co-referring NP pairs with similar predicatearguments from a large corpus using a bootstrapping method.
2	The approach is very general and modular and can work in conjunction with a number of learning strategies for word sense disambiguation  .
1	Apart from this, the module is a straightforward implementation of  , which in turn adapts   for syntactic chunking.
1	First, we considered single sentences as documents, and tokens as sentences   but also a cognate-based one similar to  .
2	It has been shown that human knowledge, in the form of a small amount of manually annotated parallel data to be used to seed or guide model training, can significantly improve word alignment F-measure and translation performance  .
1	Several other measures like Log-Likelihood  , Pearsons a2a4a3  , Z-Score  , Cubic Association Ratio  , etc. , have been also proposed.
1	opez   explores whether lexical reordering or the phrase discontiguity inherent in hierarchical rules explains improvements over phrase-based systems
1	imum error rate training     to maximize BLEU score  .
2	Currently, one of the most frequently utilized approaches to regenerate large bone defects relies on the placement of scaffolds under the premise that space maintenance will occur in tandem with new bone formation within the scaffold-filled defect  .
1	Breidt  alsopointedouta coupleof problemsthatmakes extractionfor Germanmoredifficultthanfor English: the stronginflectionfor verbs,the variable word-order,andthepositionalambiguityofthearguments.Sheshowsthatevendistinguishingsubjectsfromobjectsisverydifficultwithoutparsing.
2	This is a common technique in machine translation for which the IBM translation models are popular methods  .
1	4.1 Extraction from Definition Sentences Definition sentences in the Wikipedia article were used for acquiring hyponymy relations by   for named entity recognition.
2	In addition, the perceptron algorithm and its variants, e.g., the voted or averaged perceptron, is becoming increasingly popular due to their competitive performance, simplicity in implementation and low computational cost in training  .
1	Online baselines include Top-1 Perceptron  , Top-1 Passive-Aggressive  , and k-best PA  .
1	While earlier approaches for text compression were based on symbolic reduction rules  , more recent approaches use an aligned corpus of documents and their human written summaries to determine which constituents can be reduced  .
1	This is referred to as an IOB representation  .
2	A growing number of animal studies showed that imaging or therapeutic agents larger than the BBB’s exclusion threshold of 400 Da could be successfully delivered by FUS with microbubbles  .
1	We trained IBM Translation Model 4   both on our corpus alone and on the augmented corpus, using the EGYPT toolkit  , and then translated a number of texts using different translation models and different transfer methods, namely glossing   and Model 4 decoding  .
1	Given a wordq, its set of featuresFq and feature weightswq  for f Fq, a common symmetric similarity measure is Lin similarity  : Lin  = summationtext fFuFv .
1	In both perceptron and CRF training, we average the parameters over training iterations  .
1	So fitr, we have implemented the following,: sentence ~dignment btLsed-on word correspondence information, word correspondence estimation by cooccnl'rence-ffequency-based methods in GMe mid Church   and Kay and R6scheisen  , structured Imttehlng of parallel sentences  , and case Dame acquisition of Japanese verbs  .
1	Following previous work in statistical MT  , we envision a noisy-channel model in which a language model generates English, and then a translation model transforms English trees into Chinese.
1	For the factored language models, a feature-based word representation was obtained by tagging the text with Rathnaparkis maximum-entropy tagger   and by stemming words using the Porter stemmer  .
1	3 Maximum Entropy Taggers The taggers are based on Maximum Entropy tagging methods  , and can all be trained on new annotated data, using either GIS or BFGS training code.
1	Such a coding procedure covers, for example, how segmentation of a corpus is performed, if multiple tagging is allowed and if so, is it unlimited or are there just certain combinations of tags not allowed, is look ahead permitted, etc For further information on coding procedures we want to refer to \ .
1	Many studies on collocation extraction are carried out based on co-occurring frequencies of the word pairs in texts  .
1	2.2 The Choice of Co-occurrence ~qeasure and Matrix Distance There :~:c many alternatives to measure cooccurrence between two words x and y  .
1	Most work on corpora of naturally occurring language 244 Michael R. Brent From Grammar to Lexicon either uses no a priori grammatical knowledge  , or else it relies on a large and complex grammar  .
1	We parsed the TimeEval data using MSTParser v0.2  , which is trained with all Penn Treebank   without dependency label.
1	he tagging scheme is a variant of the IOB scheme originally put forward by Ramshaw and Marcus  
1	There are many research directions, e.g., sentiment classification    , subjectivity classification    , feature/topic-based sentiment analysis   (Hu and Liu 2004; Popescu and Etzioni, 2005; Carenini et al., 2005; Ku et al., 2006; Kobayashi, Inui and Matsumoto, 2007; Titov and McDonald.
1	Most systems extract co-occurrence and syntactic information from the words surrounding the target term, which is then converted into a vector-space representation of the contexts that each target term appears in  .
2	Introduction Michael Collins   parsing models have been quite influential in the field of natural language processing.
1	For a detailed description for Model 4 the reader is referred to  .
1	In the probabilistic LR model, probabilities are assigned to tree 696 Precision Recall F-score Time   Best-First Classifier-Based   88.1 87.8 87.9 17 Deterministic     85.4 84.8 85.1 < 1 Charniak & Johnson   91.3 90.6 91.0 Unk Bod   90.8 90.7 90.7 145* Charniak   89.5 89.6 89.5 23 Collins   88.3 88.1 88.2 39 Ratnaparkhi   87.5 86.3 86.9 Unk Tsuruoka & Tsujii  : deterministic 86.5 81.2 83.8 < 1* Tsuruoka & Tsujii  : search 86.8 85.0 85.9 2* Sagae & Lavie   86.0 86.1 86.0 11* Table 1: Summary of results on labeled precision and recall of constituents, and time required to parse the test set.
1	Afterwards, we select and remove a subset of highly informative sentences from U, and add those sentences together with their human-provided translations to L. This process is continued iteratively until a certain level of translation quality is met    .
1	Even for relatively general texts, such as the Wall Street Journal   or terrorism articles  , Roark and Charniak   reported that 3 of every 5 terms generated by their semantic lexicon learner were not present in WordNet.
1	Turney   also selects patterns based on the number of pairs that generate them, but the number of selected patterns is a constant  , independent of the number of input word pairs.
1	2.1 Conditional Maximum Entropy Model The goal of CME is to find the most uniform conditional distribution of y given observation x,  xyp, subject to constraints specified by a set of features  yxf i,, where features typically take the value of either 0 or 1  .
1	Be-Comp Following the general idea in  , we identify the ISA pattern in the definition sentence by extracting nominal complements of the verb be, taking 451 No.
1	This method has the advantage that it is not limited to the model scaling factors as the method described in  .
1	In particular, Hockenmaier and Steedman   report a generative model for CCG parsing roughly akin to the Collins parser   specific to CCG.
2	The most extensive studies have characterized chick brain BgtRs in which three bands with molecular weights of ;50, ;57, and ;67 kDa were observed  .
1	Feature weight tuning was carried out using minimum error rate training, maximizing BLEU scores on a held-out development set  .
1	There has been a large number of studies in tagging and morphological disambiguation using various techniques such as statistical techniques, e.g.,  , constraint-based techniques   and transformation-based techniques  .
1	One possible use for this technique is for parser adaptation  initially training the parser on one type of data for which hand-labeled trees are available  ) and then self-training on a second type of data in order to adapt the parser to the second domain.
2	5.4 Maximum Entropy Maximum entropy has been proven to be an effective method in various natural language processing applications  .
1	he most direct comparison is between our system and those presented in Cahill and van Genabith   and Hogan et al
1	One important application of bitext maps is the construction of translation lexicons   and, as discussed, translation lexicons are an important information source for bitext mapping.
1	Co-training   can be informally described in the following manner: #0F Pick two   views of a classification problem.
1	This approach is usually referred to as the noisy source-channel approach in statistical machine translation  .
1	WSD is one of the fundamental problems in natural language processing and is important for applications such as machine translation    , information retrieval  , etc. WSD is typically viewed as a classification problem where each ambiguous word is assigned a sense label   during the disambiguation process.
1	  who employ clusters of related words constructed by the Brown clustering algorithm   for syntactic processing of texts.
1	Mutual information compares the probability of the co-occurence of words a and b with the independent probabilities of occurrence of a and b  .
1	  described symmetrized training of a 1-toN log-linear model and a M-to-1 log-linear model.
1	5.1.2 Learning Translation Model According to the standard statistical translation model  , we can find the optimal model M by maximizing the probability of generating queries from documents or M = argmax M NY i=1 P  524 qw dw P  journal kdd 0.0176 journal conference 0.0123 journal journal 0.0176 journal sigkdd 0.0088 journal discovery 0.0211 journal mining 0.0017 journal acm 0.0088 music music 0.0375 music purchase 0.0090 music mp3 0.0090 music listen 0.0180 music mp3.com 0.0450 music free 0.0008 Table 1: Sample user profile To find the optimal word translation probabilities P , we can use the EM algorithm.
1	For every class the weights of the active features are combined and the best scoring class is chosen  .
1	In the first, a separate language model is trained on each column of the database and these models are then used to segment and label a given text sequence  .
1	Apart from BLEU, a standard automatic measure METEOR   was used for evaluation.
1	ur method uses assumptions similar to Berger et al. 1996 but is naturally suitable for distributed parallel computations
1	Our statistical tagging model is adjusted from standard bi-grams using the Viterbi-search   plus on-the-fly extra computing of lexical probabilities for unknown morphemes.
1	In this paper we use the so-called Model 4 from  .
1	  describes how the voted perceptron can be used to train maximum-entropy style taggers, and also gives a more thorough discussion of the theory behind the perceptron algorithm applied to ranking tasks.
1	This gives the translation model more information about the structure of the source language, and further constrains the reorderings to match not just a possible bracketing as in Wu  , but the specific bracketing of the parse tree provided.
1	82 2 Aggregate Markov models In this section we consider how to construct classbased bigram models  .
1	A further development has been first introduced by   who recasts the problem of adding latent annotations as an unsupervised learning problem: given an observed PCFG induced from the treebank, the latent grammar is generated by combining every non terminal of the observed grammar to a predefined set H of latent symbols.
1	Previous work in statistical synchronous grammars has been limited to forms of synchronous context-free grammar  .
0	Direct table lookup, polynomial approximations, rational approximations  , are only suitable for limited-precision operations because their area and delay increase exponentially as the input operand size increases.
0	We extracted all examples of each word from the 14-million-word English portion of the Hansards.8 Note that this is considerably smaller than Yarowskys   corpus of 460 million words, so bootstrapping will not perform as well, and may be more sensitive to the choice of seed.
1	3A hypergraph is analogous to a parse forest  .
2	Several strategies, such as the one proposed by Gu  , exist in order to avoid generator growth, and they can be applied to both the original GKO algorithm and its space-efficient versions.
1	From this aligned training corpus, we extract the phrase pairs according to the heuristics in  .
1	  and Ponzetto and Strube  ), we generate training instances as follows: a positive instance is created for each anaphoric NP, NPj, and its closest antecedent, NPi; and a negative instance is created for NPj paired with each of the intervening NPs, NPi+1, NPi+2, . . ., NPj1.
1	In 2004, Conroy   tested Maximal Marginal Relevance   as well as QR decomposition.
1	2 Related Work The issue of MWE processing has attracted much attention from the Natural Language Processing   community, including Smadja, 1993; Dagan and Church, 1994; Daille, 1995; 1995; McEnery et al. , 1997; Wu, 1997; Michiels and Dufour, 1998; Maynard and Ananiadou, 2000; Merkel and Andersson, 2000; Piao and McEnery, 2001; Sag et al. , 2001; Tanaka and Baldwin, 2003; Dias, 2003; Baldwin et al. , 2003; Nivre and Nilsson, 2004 Pereira et al,.
1	In earlier IBM translation systems   each English word would be generated by, or ""aligned to"", exactly one formal language word.
1	One such relational reasoning task is the problem of compound noun interpretation, which has received a great deal of attention in recent years  .
2	We note that although PSIPRED was not optimized for peptides, the resulting fragment libraries showed in practice good coverage of the peptide conformational space  .
1	This paper demonstrates several of the characteristics and benefits of SemFrame  , a system that produces such a resource.
1	The feature weights were optimized against the BLEU scores  .
1	in   and Lin and Och   proposed an LCS-based automatic evaluation measure called ROUGE-L
1	This system uses all featuresof conventionalphrase-basedSMT as in  .
2	DTI derived diffusion parameters, such as fractional anisotropy  , have been widely used to assess white matter microstructure  .
1	The Maximum Entropy Markov Model used in POS-tagging is described in detail in   and the LMR tagger here uses the same probability model.
1	A broad view of the possible scope of lexical semantics would thus be one which tries to chart out the systematic, generalizable aspects of word meanings, and of the relations between words, drawing on readily accessible sources of lexical knowledge, such as machine readable dictionaries, encyclopedias, and representative corpora, coupled with the kind of analytic apparatus that is needed to fruitfully explore such sources, for instance custom-built parsers to cope with dictionary definitions  , statistical programs to deal with the distributional properties of lexical items in large corpora   etc. At the same time this kind of massive data-acquisition should be made sensitive to the borders between perceptual experience, lexical knowledge and expert knowledge.
1	Similar to  , each word in the confusion network is associated with a word posterior probability.
1	The reason may be that shorter dependencies are often modifier of nouns such as determiners or adjectives or pronouns modifying their direct neighbors, while longer dependencies typically represent modifiers of the root or the main verb in a sentence .
1	ne conclusion that we can draw is that at present the additional word features used in Ratnaparkhi   looking at words more than one position away from the current do not appear to be helping the overall performance of the models
1	But Koehn, Och, and Marcu   find that phrases longer than three words improve performance little for training corpora of up to 20 million words, suggesting that the data may be too sparse to learn longer phrases.
1	This step can be seen as a multi-label, multi-class call classi cation problem for customer care applications  .
1	Moreover, in order to determine whether the performances of the predictive criteria are consistent across different learning models within the same domain, we have performed the study on two parsing models: one based on a context-free variant of tree-adjoining grammars  , the Probabilistic Lexicalized Tree Insertion Grammar   formalism  , and Collinss Model 2 parser  .
1	In fact, the WtoP model is a segmental Hidden Markov Model  , in which states emit observation sequences.
1	We found that the deletion of lead parts did not occur very often in our summary, unlike the case of Jing and McKeown  .
1	F-Struct Feats Grammar Rules {PRED=PRO,NUM=SG PER=3, GEN=FEM} PRP-nom   she {PRED=PRO,NUM=SG PER=3, GEN=FEM} PRP-acc   her Table 5: Lexical item rules with case markings 4 A History-Based Generation Model The automatic generation grammar transform presented in   provides a solution to coarse-grained and   inappropriate independence assumptions in the basic generation model.
1	l lhmsetsu ideni,illcation is a ln'oblem similar to ohm,king   in other l;mguages.
1	For the evaluation of translation quality, we applied standard automatic evaluation metrics, i.e., BLEU   and METEOR  .
1	5 Related Research Ramshaw and Marcus  , Munoz et al.
1	Other scores for the word arc are set as in  .
1	Previous publications on Meteor   have described the details underlying the metric and have extensively compared its performance with Bleu and several other MT evaluation metrics.
1	It was first cast as a classification problem by Ramshaw and Marcus  , as a problem of NP chunking.
2	Action-based models of selective attention have done a good job of explaining interference effects associated with competing targets   as well as negative priming   and IOR in a cue-target task  .
2	Particularly, syntactically annotated corpora  , such as Penn Treebank  , Negra Corpus   and EDR Corpus  , contribute to improve the performance of morpho-syntactic analysis systems.
1	As expected, we see that MST does better than Malt for all categories except nouns and pronouns  .
1	We also compare ASIA on twelve additional benchmarks to the extended Wordnet 2.1 produced by Snow et al  , and show that for these twelve sets, ASIA produces more than five times as many set instances with much higher precision  .
1	Finally we trained model weights by maximizing BLEU   and set decoder optimization parameters   on a development test set of 200 held-out sentences each with a single reference translation.
1	However, they can be usefully employed during system development, for example, for quickly assessing modeling ideas or for comparing across different system configurations  .
1	2 Background Several graph-based learning techniques have recently been developed and applied to NLP problems: minimum cuts  , random walks  , graph matching  , and label propagation  .
1	The words we want to aggregate for text analysis are not rigorous synonyms, but the role is the same, so we have to consider the syntactic relation based on the assumptions that words with the same role tend to modify or be modified by similar words  .
1	The experiment used all 578 sentences in the ATIS corpus with a parse tree, in the Penn Treebank  .
1	 ,   In addition to the usual issues involved with the complex annotation of data, we have come to terms with a number of issues that are specific to a highly inflected language with a rich history of traditional grammar.
1	Many-to-many word alignments are induced by running a one-to-many word alignment model, such as GIZA++  , in both directions and by combining the results based on a heuristic  .
1	Alternatively, one can train them with respect to the final translation quality measured by some error criterion  .
1	With automatic refinement it is harder to guarantee improved performance than with manual refinements   or with refinements based on direct lexicalization  , Collins  , Charniak  , etc.).
1	2 Statistical Word Alignment Statistical translation models   only allow word to word and multi-word to word alignments.
1	This problem has been considered for instance in   for his inversion transduction grammars and has applications in the support of several tasks of automatic annotation of parallel corpora, as for instance segmentation, bracketing, phrasal and word alignment.
1	We use evaluations similar to those used before  .
1	Formally, transformational rules ri presented in   are equivalent to 1-state xRs transducers mapping a given pattern   to a right hand side string.
1	We directly model the conditional probability of the alignment a, given x and y, using the maximum entropy framework  , P  = exp{F }summationdisplay aC  exp{F } .
1	These alignments can be obtained from single-word models   using the available public software GIZA++  .
1	Baron and Hirst   extracted collocations with Xtract   and classified the collocations using the orientations of the words in the neighboring sentences.
0	Our approach not only outperformed a notoriously difficult baseline but also achieved similar performance to the approach of  , without requiring their third-party data resources.
2	To overcome the knowledge acquisition bottleneck problem suffered by supervised methods, these methods make use of a small annotated corpus as seed data in a bootstrapping process    .
1	azama and Torisawa   explores the first sentence of an article and identifies the first noun phrase following the verb be as a label for the article title
1	The WordNet::Similarity package   implements this distance measure and was used by the authors.
1	For instance, Church and Hanks   calculated SA in terms of mutual information between two words wl and w2: N * f  I  = log2   f f  here N is the size of the corpus used in the estimation, f  is the frequency of the cooccurrence, f  and f  that of each word.
0	While EM has worked quite well for a few tasks, notably machine translations  , it has not had success in most others, such as part-of-speech tagging  , named-entity recognition   and context-free-grammar induction  .
2	1 Introduction Current state-of-the-art statistical parsers   are trained on large annotated corpora such as the Penn Treebank  .
1	We then compute the weight of a context word w in context c, W , using mutual information and t-test, which were reported by Weeds and Weir   to perform the best on a pseudo-disambiguation task.
1	1 Introduction The dominance of traditional phrase-based statistical machine translation   models   has recently been challenged by the development and improvement of a number of new models that explicity take into account the syntax of the sentences being translated.
2	2.2 Motivation from previous work 2.2.1 Parsing In recent years, the success of statistical parsing techniques can be attributed to several factors, such as the increasing size of computing machinery to accommodate larger models, the availability of resources such as the Penn Treebank   and the success of machine learning techniques for lowerlevel NLP problems, such as part-of-speech tagging  , and PPattachment  .
1	Differences in behavior of WSD systems when applied to lexical-sample and all-words datasets have been observed on previous Senseval and Semeval competitions  : supervised systems attain results on the high 80s and beat the most frequent baseline by a large margin for lexical-sample datasets, but results on the all-words datasets were much more modest, on the low 70s, and a few points above the most frequent baseline.
1	As discussed in  , the direct translation model represents the probability of target sentence English e = e1eI being the translation for a source sentence French f = f1 fJ through an exponential, or log-linear model p  = exp )summationtext eprimeE exp )   where e is a single candidate translation for f from the set of all English translations E,  is the parameter vector for the model, and each hk is a feature function of e and f. In practice, we restrict E to the set Gen  which is a set of highly likely translations discovered by a decoder  .
1	More specifically, a statistical word alignment model   is used to acquire a bilingual lexicon consisting of NL substrings coupled with their translations in the target MRL.
1	In such tasks, feature calculation is also very expensive in terms of time required; huge sets of extracted rules must be sorted in two directions for relative frequency calculation of such features as the translation probability p  and reverse translation probability p   .
2	As shown recently, a different member of the Krueppel-like factor family KLF4 demonstrated a potent antiapoptotic effect upon HDACi treatment which was mediated in part by direct binding and transcriptional upregulation of p57 followed by inhibition of the stress response phosphorylation pathway  .
1	In the past two or three years, this kind of verification has been attempted for other aspects of semantic interpretation: by Passonneau and Litman   for segmentation and by Kowtko, Isard, and Doherty   and Carletta et al.
0	Finally, pigeons may even be superior to humans in their capacity to mentally rotate visual information, as they show no increase in reaction time when judging the identity of stimuli presented at increasingly different angular orientations, whereas humans do  .
2	For example,   shows that training a learning algorithm on the weighted union of different data sets   performs almost as well as more involved domain adaptation approaches.
1	  simplify these probability distributions, as given in Equations 9 and 10.
2	…study where similar P. falciparum growth inhibition was obtained  , in proliferation inhibition studies with mammalian cells, belinostat has been shown to be up to 11-fold more active than vorinostat  .
1	Since adjectives have been a focus of previous work in sentiment detection  13, we looked at the performance of using adjectives alone.
1	7 For the most frequent 184 expressions, on the average, the agreement rate between two human annotators is 0.93 and the Kappa value is 0.73, which means allowing tentative conclusions to be drawn  .
1	In the field of statistical analysis of natural language data, it is common to use measures of lexical association, such as the informationtheoretic measure of mutual information, to extract useful relationships between words  ).
1	As, from a linguistic perspective, it is the modifier 2We use a mechanism similar to   but adapted to Chinese data to find lexical heads in the treebank data.
1	Given a collection of facts, ME chooses a model consistent with all the facts, but otherwise as uniform as possible  .
1	The translation output is measured using BLEU  .
0	But such general word lists were shown to perform worse than statistical models built on sufficiently large in-domain training sets of movie reviews  .
1	Similar to BLEU score, we also use the similar Brevity Penalty BP   to penalize the short translations in computing RAcc.
2	The beneficial role of PBM as supportive modality in the management of postmastectomy lymphedema is well established based on strong evidence  .
1	WordNet has been criticized for being overly finegrained  , we are using it here because it is the sense inventory used by Erk et al.
1	part-of-speech language model  We use factored translation models   to also output part-of-speech tags with each word in a single phrase mapping and run a second n-gram model over them.
1	We selected four binary NLP datasets for evaluation: 20 Newsgroups1 and Reuters     and sentiment classification   and spam  .
1	4.1 Evaluation of Different Features and Models In pilot experiments on a subset of the features, we provide a comparison of HM-SVM with other two learning models, maximum entropy   model   and SVM model  , to test the effectiveness of HMSVM on function labeling task, as well as the generality of our hypothesis on different learning 58 Table 3: Features used in each experiment round.
2	In the post-editing step, a prediction engine helps to decrease the amount of human interaction  .
1	By habit, most systems for automatic role-semantic analysis have used Pennstyle constituents   produced by Collins   or Charniaks   parsers.
1	This probability is computed using IBMs Model 1  : P  = productdisplay qQ P    P  =  Pml +Pml    Pml  = summationdisplay aA  Pml )   where the probability that the question term q is generated from answer A, P , is smoothed using the prior probability that the term q is generated from the entire collection of answers C, Pml .
1	2 Related work Our work is closest in spirit to the two papers that inspired us   and  .
1	6.3 Unsupervised sentiment classification Turney proposed the unsupervised method for sentiment classification  , and similar method is utilized by many other researchers  .
1	Further, it has been shown   that performance of Lins distributional similarity score decreases more significantly than other measures for low frequency nouns.
2	The myocardial performance index   was calculated from the pulsed-wave tissue Doppler tracings, which have been shown to correlate with values from spectral Doppler tracings with similar diagnostic value  .
1	Recently, some generic methods were proposed to handle context-sensitive inference  , but these usually treat only a single aspect of context matching  .
0	  report better perplexity results on the Verbmobil Corpus with their HMMbased alignment model in comparison to Model 2 of  .
1	ca   and Cucerzan  , in mining relationships between named entities, or in extracting useful facet terms from news articles  .
1	In the English all-words task of the previous SENSEVAL evaluations  , the best performing English all-words task systems with the highest WSD accuracy were trained on SEMCOR  .
1	Many methods have been proposed to deal with this problem, including supervised learning algorithms  , semi-supervised learning algorithms  , and unsupervised learning algorithms  .
1	There are multiple studies   showing that the agreement between two   native speakers is about upper a15 a12a14a7 to lower a0a4a12a14a7.
1	1 Introduction Inversion transduction grammar   constraints   provide coherent structural constraints on the relationship between a sentence and its translation.
1	Model Bits / Character ASCII Huffman code each char Lempel-Ziv   Unigram   Trigram Human Performance 8 5 4.43 2.1   1.76   1.25   The cross entropy, H, of a code and a source is given by: H  = ~ ~ Pr  log 2 Pr  s h where Pr  is the joint probability of a symbol s following a history h given the source.
2	Many mainstream systems and formalisms would satisfy these criteria, including ones such as the University of Pennsylvania Treebank   which are purely syntactic  .
1	The implementation is similar to the idea of lexical weight in  : all points in the alignment matrices of the entire training corpus are collected to calculate the probabilistic distribution, P , of some TL word 3Some readers may prefer the expression the subtree rooted at node N to node N. The latter term is used in this paper for simplicity.
1	The data consist of sections of the Wall Street Journal   part of the Penn TreeBank  , with information on predicate-argument structures extracted from the PropBank corpus  .
0	However, union and rened alignments, which are many-to-many, are what are used to build competitive phrasal SMT systems, because intersection performs poorly, despite having been shown to have the best AER scores for the French/English corpus we are using  .
1	Alignment quality can be further improved when the chunking procedure is based on translation lexicons from IBM Model-1 alignment model  .
1	oodman   and Johnson   both suggest this strategy
1	Finally, Section 4 reports the results of parsing experiments using our exhaustive k-best CYK parser with the concise PCFGs induced from the Penn WSJ treebank  .
1	D. Hindle, Noun classification from predicate argument structures, in  .
1	3.2 Translation quality Table 2 presents the impact of parse quality on a treelet translation system, measured using BLEU  .
1	For our contrast submission, we rescore the first-pass translation lattices with a large zero-cutoff stupid-backoff   language model estimated over approximately five billion words of newswire text.
2	The last fragment has also been widely used to elucidate phylogenetic relationships among taxa from several plant families  .
1	MET   iterative parameter estimation under IBM BLEU is performed on the development set.
0	With non-local features, we cannot use efcient procedures such as forward-backward procedures and the Viterbi algorithm that are required in training CRFs   and perceptrons  .
2	For English, we use three state-of-the-art taggers: the taggers of   and   in Step 1, and the SVM tagger   in Step 3.
1	3.3 Perceptron learning of feature weights As we saw above, our model is a linear model with the global weight vector w acting as the coefficient vector, and hence various existing techniques can be exploited to optimize w. In this paper, we use the averaged perceptron learning   to optimize w on a training corpus, so that the system assigns the highest score to the correct coordination tree among all possible trees for each training sentence.
1	We applied the union, intersection and refined symmetrization metrics   to the final alignments output from training, as well as evaluating the two final alignments directly.
1	In previous research on splitting sentences, many methods have been based on word-sequence characteristics like N-gram  .
1	Finally, other approaches rely on reviews with numeric ratings from websites   and train  supervised learning algorithms to classify reviews as positive or negative, or in more fine-grained scales  .
1	Within the NLP community, n-best list ranking has been looked at carefully in parsing, extractive summarization  , and machine translation  , to name a few.
1	Related Work The recent availability of large amounts of bilingual data has attracted interest in several areas, including sentence alignment  , word alignment  , alignment of groups of words  , and statistical translation  .
1	A ~ value of 0.8 or greater indicates a high level of reliability among raters, with values between 0.67 and 0.8 indicating only moderate agreement  .
1	3.2 Compound Noun Interpretation The task of interpreting the semantics of noun compounds is one which has recently received considerable attention  .
0	Studies reveal that statistical alignment models outperform the simple Dice coefficient  .
1	3.1 Experiments The model described in section 2 has been tested on the Brown corpus  , tagged with the 45 tags of the Penn treebank tagset  , which constitute the initial tagset T0.
1	Motivated by the fact that non-syntactic phrases make non-trivial contribution to phrase-based SMT, the tree sequencebased translation model is proposed   that uses tree sequence as the basic translation unit, rather than using single sub-tree as in the STSG.
0	This translation model differs from the well known phrase-based translation approach   in two basic issues: rst, training data is monotonously segmented into bilingual units; and second, the model considers n-gram probabilities instead of relative frequencies.
1	In our SMT system implementation, this optimization procedure is performed by using a tool developed in-house, which is based on a simplex method  , and the BLEU score   is used as a translation quality measurement.
1	Word alignments traditionally are based on IBM Models 1-5   or on HMMs  .
2	Automated evaluation metrics that rate system behaviour based on automatically computable properties have been developed in a number of other fields: widely used measures include BLEU   for machine translation and ROUGE   for summarisation, for example.
0	Presently, there exist methods for learning oppositional terms   and paraphrase learning has been thoroughly studied, but successfully extending these techniques to learn incompatible phrases poses difficulties because of the data distribution.
1	2 Previous Work We briefly outline the most important existing methods and cite error rates on a standard English data set, sections 03-06 of the Wall Street Journal   corpus  , containing nearly 27,000 examples.
1	Instead, and as suggested by Och  , we chose to maximize directly the quality of the translations produced by the system, as measured with a machine translation evaluation metric.
2	It is natural to study the swelling and shrinking of catalyzed bulk pNIPAm gels at first because of the relatively simple gelation process and the convenient methods of observation such as microscopy .
1	The current release of PDTB2.0 contains the annotations of 1,808 Wall Street Journal articles   from the Penn TreeBank   II distribution and a total of 40,600 discourse connective tokens  .
1	The bracketed portions of Figure 1, for example, show the base NPs in one sentence from the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal   corpus  .
1	Feature function weights in the loglinear model are set using Ochs minium error rate algorithm  .
1	We use the log-likelihood ratio for determining significance as in  , but other measures are possible as well.
1	Its previous applications   demonstrated that cooccurrence statistics on a target word is often sufficient for its automatical classification into one of numerous classes such as synsets of WordNet.
1	We then scored each query pair   in this subset using the log-likelihood ratio   between q1 and q2, which measures the mutual dependence within the context of web search queries  .
1	The MBT POS tagger   is used to provide POS information.
1	he problem is due to the assumption of normality in naive frequency based statistics according to Dunning  
0	Finally, we show that our contextually richer rules provide a 3.63 BLEU point increase over those of  .
1	We use a simple, single parameter distribution, with  = 8.0 throughout P  = P   K Word-to-Phrase Alignment Alignment is a Markov process that specifies the lengths of phrases and their alignment with source words P  = Kproductdisplay k=1 P  = Kproductdisplay k=1 p d n  The actual word-to-phrase alignment   is a firstorder Markov process, as in HMM-based word-toword alignment  .
1	We use GIZA++   to train generative directed alignment models: HMM and IBM Model4   from training record-text pairs.
1	1 Introduction Sentiment detection and classification has received considerable attention recently  .
1	With this constraint, each of these binary trees is unique and equivalent to a parse tree of the canonical-form grammar in  .
2	subjective OSATS GRS has high interobserver reliability and proven utility in assessing vessel ligation.  Scores on the GRS items were averaged to produce a representative composite score.
1	For  , the morphemes and labels for our task are:   kita NEG tINC inE1S chabe VT -j SC laj PREP inA1S yol S -j SC iin PRON We also consider POS-tagging for Danish, Dutch, English, and Swedish; the English is from sections 00-05   and 19-21   of the Penn Treebank  , and the other languages are from the CoNLL-X dependency parsing shared task  .1 We split the original training data into training and development sets.
1	However, in  , the authors investigate minimum translation units   which is a refinement over a similar approach by   to eliminate the overlap issue.
1	This means that the 1)roblem of recognizing named entities in those cases can be solved by incorporating techniques of base noun phrase chunking  .
2	Whereas dependency based semantic spaces have been shown to surpass other word space models for a number of problems  , for the task of categorisation simple pattern based spaces have been shown to perform equally good if not better  .
1	Also, attribute classi cation is a hard problem and there is no existing classi cation scheme that can be used for open domains like newswire; for example, WordNet   organises adjectives as concepts that are related by the non-hierarchical relations of synonymy and antonymy  .
1	In addition, we developed a word clustering procedure  ) that optimizes conditional word clusters.
1	One way of obtaining a suitable granularity of nodes is to introduce latent classes, such as the Semi-Markov class model  .
2	Yet the modeling, training, and search methods have also improved since the field of statistical machine translation was pioneered by IBM in the late 1980s and early 1990s  .
1	In the usual case considered by Dunning   and discussed by Manning and Sch utze  , the right-hand side of the equation is larger than the left-hand side.
1	3.1 Phrase-Based Models According to the translation model presented in  , given a source sentence f, the best target translation can be obtained using the following model best e 288 )     Where the translation model can be decomposed into ) ,|  | |  Where )|( i i ef is the phrase translation probability.
1	This statistical technique of labeling predicate argument operates on the output of the probabilistic parser reported in  .
1	The feature weights i in the log-linear model are determined using a minimum error rate training method, typically Powells method  .
1	The first system is the Pharaoh decoder provided by   for the shared data task.
1	More recently, Ramshaw & Marcus   apply transformation-based learning   to the problem.
1	There are five different IBM translation models  .
1	1 Introduction Recently, extracting questions, contexts and answers from post discussions of online forums incurs increasing academic attention  .
1	For example, if we make a mean-field assumption, with respect to hidden structure and weights, the variationalalgorithmforapproximatelyinferringthe distribution over  and trees y resembles the traditional EM algorithm very closely  .
2	Several studies have reported alignment or translation performance for syntactically augmented translation models   and these results have been promising.
1	13Huang and Chiang   give an informal example, but do not elaborate on it.
1	The Decision List   algorithm is described in  .
1	In addition, IC is stable even for relatively low frequency words, which can be contrasted with Fano's mutual information formula recently used by Church and Hanks   to compute word cooccurrence patterns in a 44 million word corpus of Associated Press news stories.
2	A discussion of particular channel estimation techniques is beyond the scope of this paper, therefore without loss of generality, we use the least-square   channel estimator   in Sections IV and V due its widespread adoption in OFDM systems and low computational complexity.
1	  88.02   + unlabeled data   88.41   + supplied gazetters 88.90   + add dev.
1	 , and the phrase-based approach to Statistical Machine Translation   has led to the development of heuristics for obtaining alignments between phrases of any number of words.
1	Experiments We have conducted a series of lexical acquisition experiments with the above algorithm on largescale English corpora, e.g., the Brown corpus \ .
1	e also tested the flat syntactic feature set proposed in Luo and Zitouni  s work
1	  shows that baseNP recognition   is easier than finding both NP and VP chunks   and that increasing the size of the training data increases the performance on the test set.
2	Due to its manageable behavior, Kademlia   and its variant Kad use iterative routing in their design.
1	We are currently investigating caching and optimizations that will enable the use of our metric for MT parameter tuning in a Minimum Error Rate Training setup  .
1	The tree-to-string model   views the translation as a structure mapping process, which first breaks the source syntax tree into many tree fragments and then maps each tree fragment into its corresponding target translation using translation rules, finally combines these target translations into a complete sentence.
1	Lexical cues of differing complexities have been used, including single words and Ngrams  ), as well as phrases and lexico-syntactic patterns  ).
1	Previous work on POS tagging of unknown words has proposed a number of features based on prefixes and suffixes and spelling cues like capitalization  .
1	Zens and Ney   explore the re-orderings allowed by ITGs, and provide a formulation for the number of structures that can be built for a sentence pair of size n. ITGs explore almost all of permutation space when n is small, but their coverage of permutation space falls off quickly for n > 5  .
1	Koehn and Hoang   propose Factored Translation Models, which extend phrase-based statistical machine translation by allowing the integration of additional morphological features at the word level.
1	The idea is that the translation of a sentence x into a sentence y can be performed in the following steps1:   If x is small enough, IBMs model 1   is employed for the translation.
2	The RDCs have been successfully applied in the refinement of protein structures  , nucleic acids   and protein– RNA complexes  .
1	The original training set   consisted of a few dozen examples, in comparison to thousands of examples needed in other corpus-based methods  .
1	The feature weights were tuned on a heldout development set so as to maximize an equally weighted linear combination of BLEU and 1-TER   using the minimum error training algorithm on a packed forest representation of the decoders hypothesis space  .
1	In Section 3, we will present a Perceptron like algorithm   to obtain the parameters.
1	These include scripts for creating alignments from a parallel corpus, creating phrase tables and language models, binarizing phrase tables, scripts for weight optimization using MERT  , and testing scripts.
2	In this paper, we show that a noisy channel model instantiated within the paradigm of Statistical Machine Translation     can successfully provide editorial assistance for non-native writers.
1	This is most prominently evidenced by the PENN TREEBANK  .
2	Recent work   explored the task of part-of-speech tagging   using unsupervised Hidden Markov Models   with encouraging results.
1	The simple model 1   for the translation of a SL sentence d = dldt in a TL sentence e = el em assumes that every TL word is generated independently as a mixture of the SL words: m l P ,,~ H ~ t    j=l i=O In the equation above t  stands for the probability that ej is generated by di.
1	Sentiment classification at the document level investigates ways to classify each evaluative document   as positive or negative  .
1	We extracted 181,250 case frames from the WSJ   bracketed corpus of the Penn Tree Bank  .
2	We optimize using RMSProp   gradient descent solvers, which both obtain relatively similar results.
1	This could, for example, aid machine-translation evaluation, where it has become common to evaluate systems by comparing their output against a bank of several reference translations for the same sentences  .
2	Among these methods, SVM is shown to perform better than other methods  .
1	To estimate combination weights, we extend the F 1 -score maximization training algorithm for LRM described in  .
1	  and   do worse on the English test data than they do on German, Dutch, or French.
2	1 Introduction Research in language processing has benefited greatly from the collection of large annotated corpora such as Penn PropBank   and Penn Treebank  .
1	Collocations were extracted according to the method described in   by moving a window on texts.
2	2 Translation Model The algorithm for fast translation, which has been described previously in some detail   and used with considerable success in TREC  , is a descendent of IBM Model 1  .
1	A more fine-grained distinction is made by Bean and Riloff   and Vieira and Poesio   to distinguish restrictive from non-restrictive postmodification by ommitting those modifiers that occur between commas, which should not be classified as chain starting.
1	Recently, various approaches   to word sense division have been used in WSD research.
1	This procedure uses the head finding rules of  .
1	The orientation model is related to the distortion model in  , but we do not compute a block alignment during training.
1	In all experiments, word alignment was obtained using the grow-diag-final heuristic for symmetrizing GIZA++   alignments.
1	Demonstrating the inadequacy of such approaches, Al-Onaizan and Papineni   showed that even given the words in the reference translation, and their alignment to the source words, a decoder of this sort charged with merely rearranging them into the correct target-language order could achieve a BLEU score   of at best 69%and that only when restricted to keep most words very close to their source positions.
1	A systematic exploration of a set of such features for proteinprotein interaction extraction was recently provided by Jiang and Zhai  , who also used features derived from the Collins parser.
1	In addition to raw inter-tagger agreement, the kappa statistic, which removes from the agreement rate the amount of agreement that is expected by chance , was also determined.
1	More specialized methods also exist, for example for support vector machines   and for conditional random fields  .
1	While early machine learning approaches for the task relied on local, discriminative classifiers  , more recent approaches use joint and/or global models  .
2	3.1 Context Extraction We adopted dependency structure as the context of words since it is the most widely used and wellperforming contextual information in the past studies  .
1	5 The Experimental Results We used the Penn Treebank WSJ corpus   to perform empirical experiments on the proposed parsing models.
1	Word correspondence was further developed in IBM Model-1   for statistical machine translation.
1	For example, Church and Hanks   describe the use of the mutual information index for this purpose (cf.
1	5 Combining In-Domain and Out-of-Domain Data for Training In this section, we will first introduce the AUGMENT technique of Daume III  , before showing the performance of our WSD system with and without using this technique.
1	AL has already been applied to several NLP tasks, such as document classification  , POS tagging  , chunking  , statistical parsing  , and information extraction  .
1	The grammars were induced from sections 2-21 of the Penn Wall St. Journal Treebank  , and tested on section 23.
1	Automatic identification of subjective content often relies on word indicators, such as unigrams   or predetermined sentiment lexica  .
1	Even if the idea of using Wikipedia links for disambiguation is not novel  , it is applied for the first time to FrameNet lexical units, considering a frame as a sense definition.
1	In Section 2, we examine aggregate Markov models, or class-based bigram models   in which the mapping from words to classes 81 is probabilistic.
1	Mostcommonlyvariational   or sampling techniques are applied  .
1	Different approaches have been proposed to measure matches using words or more meaningful semantic units, for example, ROUGE  , factoid analysis  , pyramid method  , and Basic Element    .
1	We have adopted the evaluation method of Snow et al  : compare the generated hypernyms with hypernyms present in a lexical resource, in our case the Dutch part of EuroWordNet  .
1	The interpolation weights a65   are trained using discriminative training   using ROUGEa129 as the objective function, on the development set.
1	4.6 Weakly-constrained algorithms In evaluation with ROUGE  , summaries are truncated to a target length K. Yih et al. usedastackdecodingwithaslightmodication, which allows the last sentence in a summary to be truncated to a target length.
1	The model weights are trained using the standard ranking perceptron  .
1	robust mforrmatlon extractlon, and readlly-avmlable on-hne NLP resources These techtuques and resources allow us to create a richer indexed source of Imgmstlc and domain knowledge than other frequency approaches Our approach attempts to apprommate text dlscourse structure through these multlple layers of mformatlon, ohtinned from automated methods m contrast to labor-lntenslve, discourse-based approaches Moreover, our planned training methodology will also allow us to explmt thin productlve infrastructure m ways whlch model human performance whde avoidmg hand-crafting domain-dependent rules of the knowledge-based approaches Our ultlmate goal m to make our summarlzatlon system scalable and portable by learning summarization rules from easily extractable text features 2 System Description Our summarization system DlmSum consmts of the Summarization Server and the Summarlzatzon Chent The Server extracts features   from a document using various robust NLP techmques, described In Sectzon 2 1, and combines these features   to basehne multiple combinations of features, as described m Section 2 2 Our work m progress to automattcally tram the Feature Combiner based upon user and apphcatlon needs m presented in Section 2 2 2 The Java-based Chent, which wdl be dmcnssed In Section 4, provides a graphical user interface   for the end user to cnstomlze the summamzatlon preferences and see multiple views of generated sumInarles 2.1 Extracting Stlmmarization Features In this section, we describe how we apply robust NLP technology to extract summarization features Our goal IS to add more mtelhgence to frequencybased approaches, to acqmre domain knowledge In a more automated fashion, and to apprommate text structure by recogmzing sources of dmcourse cohesion and coherence 2.1.1 Going Beyond a Word Frequency-based summarization systems typically use a single word stnng as a umt for counting frequencies Whde such a method IS very robust, it ignores the semantic content of words and their potential membership m multi-word phrases For example, zt does not dmtmgumh between ""bill"" m ""Bdl Table 1 Collocations with ""chlps"" {potato tortdla corn chocolate b~gle} chips {computer pentmm Intel macroprocessor memory} chips {wood oak plastlc} cchlps bsrgmmng clups blue clups mr chips Clmton"" and ""bill"" in ""reform bill"" This may introduce noise m frequency counting as the same strmgs are treated umformly no matter how the context may have dmamblguated the sense or regardless of membership in multl-word phrases For DlrnSum, we use term frequency based on tf*Idf   to derive ssgnature words as one of the summarization features If single words were the sole basra of countmg for our summarization application, nome would be introduced both m term frequency and reverse document frequency However, recent advances in statmtlcal NLP and information extraction make it possible to utilize features which go beyond the single word level Our approach is to extract multi-word phrases automatlcally with high accuracy and use them as the basic unit in the summarization process, including frequency calculation Ftrst, just as word association methods have proven effective m lemcal analysis, e g  , we are exploring whether frequently occurring Collocatlonal reformation can improve on simple word-based approaches We have preprocessed about 800 MB of LA tlmes/Wastnngton Post newspaper articles nsmg a POS tagger   and derived two-word noun collocations using mutual information The.
2	A video version of this idea has been explored as well  , with varying degrees of success.
1	Inter-annotator agreement was measured using the kappa   statistics   on 1,502 instances   marked by two annotators who followed specific written guidelines.
1	Some researchers   use manually designed rules to take into account the grammatical role of the antecedent candidates as well as the governing relations between the candidate and the pronoun, while others use features determined over the parse tree in a machine-learning approach  .
2	Several studies have demonstrated that for instance Statistical Machine Translation   benefits from incorporating a dedicated WSD module  .
1	The underlying translation model is Model 2 from  .
1	Related work Turney   recently advocated the need for a uniform approach to corpus-based semantic tasks
1	These algorithms are usually applied to sequential labeling or chunking, but have also been applied to parsing  , machine translation   and summarization  .
1	All conditions were optimized using BLEU   and evaluated using both BLEU and Translation Edit Rate    .
1	Amazon Reviews: The dataset contains product reviews taken from Amazon.com from 4 product types: Kitchen, Books, DVDs, and Electronics  .
1	Barzilay and Lee   proposed to apply multiple-sequence alignment   for traditional, sentence-level PR.
1	We use the neural network approximation   to perform inference in our model.
1	In the Link Grammar framework  , strictly local contexts are naturally combined with long-distance information coming from long-range trigrams.
1	The measures2  Mutual Information    , the log-likelihood ratio test  , two statistical tests: t-test and a3a5a4 -test, and co-occurrence frequency  are applied to two sets of data: adjective-noun   pairs and preposition-noun-verb   triples, where the AMs are applied to   pairs.
2	  We note that these posterior probabilities can be computed efficiently for some alignment models such as the HMM  , Models 1 and 2  .
1	The approach presented here has some resemblance to the bracketing transduction grammars   of  , which have been applied to a phrase-based machine translation system in  .
1	The component features are weighted to minimize a translation error criterion on a development set  .
1	Most approaches   inherently extract semantic knowledge in the abstracted form of semantic clusters.
1	It acquires a set of synchronous lexical entries by running the IBM alignment model   and learns a log-linear model to weight parses.
1	Other languagesfor which this is the case include English  , the Susanne Corpus  , and the British section of the ICE Corpus  ) and Italian   and TUT  ).
1	Our scores fall within the range of previous researchers  .
1	While the BBN model does not perform at the level of Model 2 of   on Wall Street Journal text, it is also less language-dependent, eschewing the distance metric   in favor of the ""bigrams on nonterminals"" model.
1	Resources specifying the relations among lexical items such as WordNet   and HowNet     have inspired the work of many researchers in NLP  .
1	joint likelihood   productdisplay i p parenleftBig xi,yi | vector parenrightBig conditional likelihood   productdisplay i p parenleftBig yi | xi,vector parenrightBig classification accuracy   summationdisplay i  ) expected classification accuracy   summationdisplay i p parenleftBig yi | xi,vector parenrightBig negated boosting loss    summationdisplay i p parenleftBig yi | xi,vector parenrightBig1 margin    s.t. bardbl vectorbardbl  1;i,y negationslash= yi, vector     vectorf )   expected local accuracy   productdisplay i productdisplay j p parenleftBig lscriptj  = lscriptj  | xi,vector parenrightBig Table 1: Various supervised training criteria.
2	1 Introduction The maximum entropy model   has attained great popularity in the NLP field due to its power, robustness, and successful performance in various NLP tasks  .
2	Table 1: Datasets 3.3 Establishing a Baseline for a Corpus-based System   Supervised statistical methods have been very successful in sentiment tagging of texts: on movie review texts they reach accuracies of 85-90%  .
1	To generate phrase pairs from a parallel corpus, we use the ""diag-and"" phrase induction algorithm described in  , with symmetrized word alignments generated using IBM model 2  .
1	As in   fstructures are generated from the   treebank and from this data, along with the treebank trees, the PCFG-based grammar, which is used for training the generation model, is extracted.
1	he distortion probabilities are class-based: They depend on the word class F  of a covered source word f as well as on the word class E  of the previously generated target word e. The classes are automatically trained  
2	1 Introduction Corpus-derived distributional semantic spaces have proved valuable in tackling a variety of tasks, ranging from concept categorization to relation extraction to many others  .
1	An additional translation set called the Maximum BLEU set is employed by the SMT system to train the weights associated with the components of its log-linear model  .
1	Many reordering constraints have been used for word reorderings, such as ITG constraints  , IBM constraints   and local constraints  .
1	2 We used the Collins parser   to generate the constituency parse and a dependency converter   to obtain the dependency parse of English sentences.
2	In agreement with recent results on parsing with lexicalised probabilistic grammars  , our main result is that statistics over lexical features best correspond to independently established truman intuitive preferences and experimental findings.
1	For comparing the sentence generator sample to the English sample, we compute log-likelihood statistics   on neighboring words that at least co-occur twice.
1	Besides being used in SMT, it is also used in translation lexicon building  , transfer rule learning  , example-based machine translation  , etc. In previous alignment methods, some researches modeled the alignments as hidden parameters in a statistical translation model   or directly modeled them given the sentence pairs  .
1	The principle of maximum entropy states that when one searches among probability distributions that model the observed data  , the preferred one is the one that maximizes the entropy    .
1	We used the averaged perceptron algorithm   to train the parameters of the model.
1	For example, in phrase-based SMT systems  , distortion model is used, in which reordering probabilities depend on relative positions of target side phrases between adjacent blocks.
1	The f-structures are created automatically by annotating nodes in the gold standard WSJ trees with LFG functional equations and then passing these equations through a constraint solver  .
1	ang and Lee   report 87.15% accuracy using a unigram-based SVM classifier combined with subjectivity detection
1	These distributions are modeled using a maximum entropy formulation  , using training data which consists of human judgments of question answer pairs.
1	We chose to train maximum entropy models  .
1	intuition comes from an observation by Yarowsky   regarding multiple tokens of words in documents
1	Second, it can be applied to control the quality of parallel bilingual sentences mined from the Web, which are critical sources for a wide range of applications, such as statistical machine translation   and cross-lingual information retrieval  .
1	As a follow-up to the work described in this paper we developed a method that utilizes the unlabeled NPs in the corpus using a structured rule learner  .
1	  looked at Golomb Coding and Brants et al
1	Such methods were presented in  .
1	They roughly fall into three categories according to what is used for supervision in learning process:   using external resources, e.g., thesaurus or lexicons, to disambiguate word senses or automatically generate sense-tagged corpus,  ,   exploiting the differences between mapping of words to senses in different languages by the use of bilingual corpora    ,   bootstrapping sensetagged seed examples to overcome the bottleneck of acquisition of large sense-tagged data  .
1	his tagging scheme is the IOB scheme originally put forward by Ramshaw and Marcus  
0	Results of 25-fold cross-validation chunking experiments with the merged context-dependent lexicon Tables 14 and 16 shows that our new chunk tagger greatly outperforms other reported chunk taggers on the same training data and test data by 2%-3%. , Ramshaw L.A. and Marcus M.P. , Daelemans W. , Buchholz S. and Veenstra J. , and Veenstra J. ).
1	Phrases of up to 10 in length on the French side were extracted from the parallel text, and minimum-error-rate training   was 8 We can train on the full training data shown if tighter constraints are placed on rule extraction for the United Nations data.
1	N-gram language models have also been used in Statistical Machine Translation   as proposed by  .
1	240 2 Motivation Many approaches to identifying base noun phrases have been explored as part of chunking  , but determining sub-NP structure is rarely addressed.
2	In our experiments, the GNN model used for DIFFPOOL is built on top of the GRAPHSAGE architecture, as we found this architecture to have superior performance compared to the standard GCN approach as introduced in  .
1	7 Related Work The trigger labeling task described in this paper is in part a task of word sense disambiguation  , so we have used the idea of sense consistency introduced in  , extending it to operate across related documents.
1	Recent advances in these approaches include the use of a fully Bayesian HMM  .
1	Traditionally, maximum-likelihood estimation from relative frequencies is used to obtain conditional probabilities  , eg, p  = c /summationtexts c    and p  are symmetrical, we will usually refer only to p  for brevity).
1	These forest rescoring algorithms have potential applications to other computationally intensive tasks involving combinations of different models, for example, head-lexicalized parsing  ; joint parsing and semantic role labeling  ; or tagging and parsing with nonlocal features.
1	Recently, methods from nonparametric Bayesian statistics have been gaining popularity as a way to approach unsupervised learning for a variety of tasks, including language modeling, word and morpheme segmentation, parsing, and machine translation  .
1	2.2 Generalization pseudocode In order to identify the portions in common between the patterns, and to generalize them, we apply the following pseudocode  : 1All the PoS examples in this paper are done with Penn Treebank labels  .
1	Performance is measured by computing the BLEU scores   of the systems translations, when compared against a single reference translation per sentence.
1	This can be seen as a simplified version of  .
1	Our system attempts to recognize these syntactic patterus; in addition, it considers as unfamiliar some definites occurring in 4This list was developed by hand; more recently, Bean and Riloff   proposed methods for autolnatically extracting fl'om a corpus such special predicates, i.e., heads that correlate well with discourse novelty.
1	We use the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal corpus as the large corpus and individual sections of the Brown corpus as the target corpora  .
1	In many cases, improving semi-supervised models was done by seeding these models with domain information taken from dictionaries or ontology  .
1	The sequential classi cation approach can handle many correlated features, as demonstrated in work on maximum-entropy   and a variety of other linear classi ers, including winnow  , AdaBoost  , and support-vector machines  .
1	Therefore, structure divergence and parse errors are two of the major issues that may largely compromise the performance of syntax-based SMT  .
1	Collins et al.  proposed two algorithms for NER by modifying Yarowskys method   and the framework suggested by  .
1	The most important tree-bank transformation in the literature is lexicalization: Each node in a tree is labeled with its head word, the most important word of the constituent under the node  , Collins  , Charniak  , Collins  , Carroll and Rooth  , etc.).
1	First, we can construct an infinite number of more specialized PCFGs by splitting or refining the PCFGs nonterminals into increasingly finer states; this leads to the iPCFG or infinite PCFG  .
0	However, these unsupervised methodologies show a major drawback by extracting quasi-exact2 or even exact match pairs of sentences as they rely on classical string similarity measures such as the Edit Distance in the case of   and word N-gram overlap for  .
1	Hypotheses for unknown words, both stochastic  , and connectionist   have been applied to unlimited vocabulary taggers.
2	The maximum entropy model   provides us with a well-founded framework for this purpose, which has been extensively used in natural lan guage processing tasks ranging from part-ofspeech tagging to machine translation.
1	One of the first large scale hand tagging efforts is reported in  , where a subset of the Brown corpus was tagged with WordNet July 2002, pp.
1	Many studies focus on rare words  ; butterflies are more interesting than moths.
1	5 Related Work Evidence from the surrounding context has been used previously to determine if the current sentence should be subjective/objective  ) and adjacency pair information has been used to predict congressional votes  .
1	4 Evaluation The evaluation is conducted with all four corpora from Bakeoff-3  , as summarized in Table 1 with corpus size in number of characters.
1	The search is based on the property that when computing sim , words that have high mutual information values 5The nominator in our metric resembles the similarity metric in  .
1	Both models are based on IBM translation model 2   which has the 49 property that it generates tokens independently.
1	task  , and reported errors in the range of 26% are common.
1	In this paper, we employed the Chinese word segmentation tool   that achieved about 0.93-0.96 recall/precision rates in the SIGHAN-3 word segmentation task  .
1	Like  , we used mutual information to measure the cohesion between two words.
0	The 74.6% final accuracy on apartments is higher than any result obtained by Haghighi and Klein    , higher than the supervised HMM results reported by Grenager et al.
1	Nonparametricmodels   may be appropriate.
1	ch   shows that setting those weights should take into account the evaluation metric by which the MT system will eventually be judged
1	One attempt to implement this idea is lexicalization: increasing the information in the POS tag by adding the lemma to it  .
1	Nevertheless, the generated rules are strictly required to be derived from the contiguous translational equivalences  .
1	avid Yarowsky   showed it was accurate in the word sense disambiguation
1	In comparison, we deployed the GIZA++ MT modeling tool kit, which is an implementation of the IBM Models 1 to 4  .
1	A la Ramshaw and Marcus  , and Kudo and Matsumato  , we use the IOB tagging style for modeling and classification.
1	During the SRC stage, a Maximum entropy   classifier is used to predict the probabilities of a word in the sentence Language No-duplicated-roles Catalan arg0-agt, arg0-cau, arg1-pat, arg2-atr, arg2-loc Chinese A0, A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, Czech ACT, ADDR, CRIT, LOC, PAT, DIR3, COND English A0, A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, German A0, A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, Japanese DE, GA, TMP, WO Spanish arg0-agt, arg0-cau, arg1-pat, arg1-tem, arg2-atr, arg2-loc, arg2-null, arg4-des, argL-null, argMcau, argM-ext, argM-fin Table 1: No-duplicated-roles for different languages to be each semantic role.
1	Instead we report BLEU scores   of the machine translation system using different combinations of wordand classbased models for translation tasks from English to Arabic and Arabic to English.
1	It achieves 90.1% average precision/recall for sentences with maximum length 40 and 89.5% for sentences with maximum length 100 when trained and tested on the standard sections of the Wall Street Journal Treebank  .
1	The statistical methods are based on distributional analysis  , and cluster analysis  .
1	  also used re-decoding to do system combination by extracting sentence-specific phrase translation tables from the outputs of different MT systems and running a phrase-based decoding with this new translation table.
1	3.1 Evaluation Measure and MERT We evaluate our experiments using the   BLEU metric and estimate the empirical confidence using the bootstrapping method described in Koehn  .6 We report the scores obtained on the test section with model parameters tuned using the tuning section for minimum error rate training  ).
1	For each feature function, there is a model parameter  i . The best word segmentation W * is determined by the decision rule as  = == M i ii W M W WSfWSScoreW 0 0 * ), ,,  Below we describe how to optimize  s. Our method is a discriminative approach inspired by the Minimum Error Rate Training method proposed in Och  .
1	For the efficiency of minimum-errorrate training  , we built our development set   using sentences not exceeding 50 characters from the NIST MT-02 evaluation test data.
1	Following   and the other literature in TM, this paper only focuses the details of TM.
2	Motivation Today, camera identification based on sensor fingerprint is a mature area of research  .
2	1.2 Related Work Recently, discriminative methods for alignment have rivaled the quality of IBM Model 4 alignments  .
1	One such technique is bootstrapping, which was recently presented in  ,   as an ideal framework for text learning tasks that have knowledge seeds.
1	edu Abstract This paper reports on our experience hand tagging the senses of 25 of the most frequent verbs in 12,925 sentences of the Wall Street Journal Treebank corpus  .
2	7Another related measure is Dunning  's likelihood ratio tests for binomial and multinomial distributions, which are claimed to be effective even with very much smaller volumes of text than is necessary for other tests based on assumed normal distributions.
2	Recent projects in semisupervised   and unsupervised   tagging also show significant progress.
1	  describes various strategies for the decomposition of the decoding into multiple translation models using the Moses decoder.
1	Phrase tables were learned from the training corpus using the diag-and method  , and using IBM model 2 to produce initial word alignments  .
1	Oncetraininghastakenplace,minimumerrorrate training   is used to tune the parameters i. Finally, decoding in Hiero takes place using a CKY synchronous parser with beam search, augmented to permit efficient incorporation of language model scores  .
1	On the other hand, both BLEU   and NIST   scores are higher for the baseline system  .
1	For example, Och   shows how to train a log-linear translation model not by maximizing the likelihood of training data, but maximizing the BLEU score   of the model on 53 the data.
2	Promising features might include those over source side reordering rules   or source context features  .
1	Almost all of these measures can be grouped into one of the following three categories: a0 frequency-based measures   a0 information-theoretic measures   a0 statistical measures   The corresponding metrics have been extensively discussed in the literature both in terms of their mathematical properties   and their suitability for the task of collocation extraction   and Krenn and Evert   for recent evaluations).
1	As in tile HMM we easily can extend the dependencies in the alignment model of Model 4 easily using the word class of the previous English word E = G , or the word class of the French word F = G   .
1	Intuitively, if we are able to find good correspondences among features, then the augmented labeled source domain data should transfer better to a target domain    .
1	he weights of the models are computed automatically using a variant of the Maximum Bleu training procedure proposed by Och  
1	5 Reliability of Annotations 5.1 The Kappa Statistic To measure the reliability of annotations we used the Kappa statistic  .
2	A promising approach may be to use aligned bilingual corpora, especially for augmenting existing lexicons with domain-specific terminology  .
2	1 Introduction Since its introduction by Och  , minimum error rate training   has been widely adopted for training statistical machine translation   systems.
1	utual infornaation involves a problem in that it is overestimated for low-frequency terms  unning 1993)
1	The suffixes C* and V* denote the models using incomplete skip-chain edges and vertical sequential edges proposed in  , as shown in Figures 2  and 2 .
1	aghighi and Klein   showed that adding a small set of prototypes to the unlabeled data can improve tagging accuracy significantly
1	To have a fair comparison, for PR, we estimate the conditional probability of a relation given the evidence P , as in  , by using the same set of features as in ME. Table 3 shows precision, recall, and F1measure of each system for WordNet hypernyms  , WordNet meronyms   and ODP hypernyms  .
1	First, it has been noted that in many natural language applications it is sufficient to use shallow parsing information; information such as noun phrases   and other syntactic sequences have been found useful in many large-scale language processing applications including information extraction and text summarization  .
1	We used a publicly available tagger   to provide the part-of-speech tags for each word in the sentence.
1	This improvement is close to that of one sense per discourse    , which seems to be a sensible upper bound of the proposed method.
1	Performance also degrades when the domain of the test set differs from the domain of the training set, in part because the test set includes more OOV words and words that appear only a few times in the training set    .
1	6 The Experiments We used the Penn Treebank   to perform empirical experiments on the proposed parsing models.
1	De-En En-De Baseline 26.95 20.16 Factored baseline 27.43 20.27 Submitted system 27.63 20.46 Table 1: Bleu scores for Europarl   De-En En-De Baseline 19.54 14.31 Factored baseline 20.16 14.37 Submitted system 20.61 14.77 Table 2: Bleu scores for News Commentary   5 Results Case-sensitive Bleu scores4   for the Europarl devtest set   are shown in table 1.
1	Some are the result of inconsistency in labeling in the training data  , which usually reflects a lack of linguistic clarity or determination of the correct part of speech in context.
1	Therefore, whenever we have access to a large amount of labeled data from some source  , but we would like a model that performs well on some new target domain  , we face the problem of domain adaptation.
1	Part-of-speech features Based on the lexical categories produced by GATE  , each token xi is classified into one of a set of coarse part-of-speech tags: noun, verb, adverb, wh-word, determiner, punctuation, etc. We do the same for neighboring words in a   window in order to assist noun phrase segmentation.
1	Then we compute the same ratio of machine translation sentence to source sentence, and take the output of p-norm function as a feature: ) __/__      Features based on parse score The usual practice to model the wellformedness of a sentence is to employ the n-gram language model or compute the syntactic structure similarity  .
1	We observe that AER is loosely correlated to BLEU   though the relation is weak, as observed earlier by Fraser and Marcu  .
1	Solving this first methodological issue, has led to solutions dubbed hereafter as unlexicalized statistical parsing  .
1	Using linguistic principles to recover empty categories Richard CAMPBELL Microsoft Research One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052 USA richcamp@microsoft.com Abstract This paper describes an algorithm for detecting empty nodes in the Penn Treebank  , finding their antecedents, and assigning them function tags, without access to lexical information such as valency.
1	For testing purposes, we used the Wall Street Journal part of the Penn Treebank corpus  .
2	DSF are characterized by smaller chromatic dispersion and higher Raman scattering coefficient than standard SMF  , and hence they have been found more suitable for long-range Raman-based DTS  .
1	uch tasks will require an extension of the current framework of Turney   beyond evidence from the direct cooccurrence of target word pairs
1	3 Previous Work on Subjectivity Tagging In previous work  , a corpus of sentences from the Wall Street Journal Treebank Corpus   was manually anno- tated with subjectivity classifications by multiple judges.
1	Similar to  , each word in the hypothesis is assigned with a rank-based score of 1/ r+ , where r is the rank of the hypothesis.
1	Liang   uses the discriminative perceptron algorithm   to score whole character tag sequences, finding the best candidate by the global score.
1	In general the training set is the parsed Wall Street Journal  , with few exceptions, and the size of the training samples is around 10-20,000 test cases.
1	We train IBM Model-4 using GIZA++ toolkit   in two translation directions and perform different word alignment combination.
1	Recently, specific probabilistic tree-based models have been proposed not only for machine translation  , but also for This work was supported by DARPA contract F49620-001-0337 and ARDA contract MDA904-02-C-0450.
1	Table 1 shows the impact of increasing reordering window length   on translation quality for the ?dev06??data.2 Increasing the reordering window past 2 has minimal impact on translation quality, implying that most of the reordering effects across Spanish and English are well modeled at the local or phrase level.
1	3 Online Learning Again following  , we have used the single best MIRA  , which is a variant of the voted perceptron   for structured prediction.
1	urney   starts from a small   set of terms with known orientation  
2	Moreover, since BPC had been cast as a classification problem by Ramshaw and Marcus  , the task is performed with greater efficiency and is easily portable to new languages in a supervised manner  .
1	And we consider that word pairs that have a small distance between vectors also have similar word neighboring characteristics    .
1	The phrase bilexicon is derived from the intersection of bidirectional IBM Model 4 alignments, obtained with GIZA++  , augmented to improve recall using the grow-diag-final heuristic.
1	We perform a statistical analysis that provides information that complements the information provided by Cohen's Kappa  .
1	5.1 Baseline The baseline system we used for comparison was Pharaoh  , as publicly distributed.
1	In this case it is possible to perform the correct selection if we used only statistics about the cooccurrences of 'corruption' with either 'investigator' or 'researcher', without looking for any syntactic relation  ).
1	Following the perspective of  , a minimal set of phrase blocks with lengths   where either m or n must be greater than zero results in the following types of blocks: 1.
1	3 Surface Realisation from f-Structures Cahill and van Genabith   present a probabilistic surface generation model for LFG  .
1	his algorithm can thus be viewed as a large-margin version of the perceptron algorithm for structured outputs Collins  
1	4.1 Part-of-speech tagging experiments We split the Penn Treebank corpus   into training, development and test sets as in  .
1	Agglomerative clustering   iteratively merges the most similar clusters into bigger clusters, which need to be labeled.
1	len.: median length of sequences of co-specifying referring expressions with Cohen's n  .
1	Wu   has been unable to find real examples of cases where hierarchical alignment would fail under these conditions, at least in fixed-word-order languages that are lightly inflected, such as English and Chinese.  .
1	Detailed description of those models can be found in  ,   and  .
0	Although this Wikipedia gazetteer is much smaller than the English version used by Kazama and Torisawa   that has over 2,000,000 entries, it is the largest gazetteer that can be freely used for Japanese NER.
1	Since that time, however, increasingly large amounts of language model training data have become available ranging from approximately one billion words   to trillions of words  .
1	Of particular relevance are class-based language models  ).
1	If the target CFG is purely binary branching, then the previous theoretical and linguistic analyses   suggest that much of the requisite constituent and word order transposition may be accommodated without change to the mirrored ITG.
1	The annotation scheme   is modeled to a certain extent on that of the Penn Treebank  , with crucial differences.
1	The COlllillOil poini;s regarding collocations appear to be, as   suggestsl: they are m'bil;rary  , th , t;hey are recurrenl; and cohesive lo~xical clusters: the presence of one of the.
1	A superset of the parallel data was word aligned by GIZA union   and EMD  .
1	Second, several tagging experiments on newspaper language, whether statistical   or rule-based  , report that the tagging accuracy for unknown words is much lower than the overall accuracy.2 Thus, the lower percentage of unknown words in medical texts seems to be a sublanguage feature beneficial to POS taggers, whereas the higher proportion of unknown words in newspaper language seems to be a prominent source of tagging errors.
1	A synchronous 363 binarization method is proposed in   whose basic idea is to build a left-heavy binary synchronous tree   with a left-to-right shift-reduce algorithm.
1	both relevant and non-redundant  , some recent work focuses on improved search  .
2	The Simulated Annealing approach has been proven to be very effective when applied to non convex optimization, for which gradient based algorithms may fail to produce good solutions, Cerný  ; Marques et al.  ; A.
1	If one reduces the problem of entity mention detection to the detection of its head, the nature of the problem changes and the annotation of data becomes at; The    This allows us to consider the problem as a tagging/chunking problem and describe each word as beginning   an entity mention, inside   an entity mention or outside   an entity mention  .
1	By increasing the size of the basic unit of translation, phrase-based machine translation does away with many of the problems associated with the original word-based formulation of statistical machine translation  , in particular:  The Brown et al.
1	This may stem from the differences between the two models' feature templates, thresholds, and approximations of the expected values for the features, as discussed in the beginning of the section, or may just reflect differences in the choice of training and test sets  ).
1	Statistical data about these various cooccurrence relations is employed for a variety of applications, such as speech recognition  , language generation  , lexicography  , machine translation  , information retrieval   and various disambiguation tasks  .
1	Hindle   uses a mutual-information based metric derived from the distribution of subject, verb and object in a large corpus to classify nouns.
1	For example, in the context of syntactic disambiguation, Black   and Magerman   proposed statistical parsing models based-on decisiontree learning techniques, which incorporated not only syntactic but also lexical/semantic information in the decision-trees.
1	2 Linguistic and Context Features 2.1 Non-terminal Labels In the original string-to-dependency model  , a translation rule is composed of a string of words and non-terminals on the source side and a well-formed dependency structure on the target side.
1	he adaptive approach is somehow similar to their idea of incremental learning and to the bootstrap approach proposed by Yarowsky  
1	Section 3 describes two standard lexicalized models  , as well as an unlexicalized baseline model.
1	For example, extractive text summarization generates a summary by selecting a few good sentences from one or more articles on the same topic  .
1	3.2 Learning Algorithm For learning coreference decisions, we used a Maximum Entropy   model.
1	Because our algorithm does not consider the context given by the preceding sentences, we have conducted the following experiment to see to what extent the discourse context could improve the performance of the wordsense disambiguation: Using the semantic concordance files  , we have counted the occurrences of content words which previously appear in the same discourse file.
1	ahill and van Genabith   note that conditioning f-structure annotated generation rules on local features (Eqn
1	There are more sophisticated surface generation packages, such as FUF/SURGE  , KPML  , MUMBLE  , and RealPro  , which produce natural language text from an abstract semantic representation.
1	This implementation is exactly the one proposed in  , and we will denote it as MB-D hereafter.
2	There are only a few successful studies, such as   for chunking and   on constituency parsing.
2	Examples of the latter include providing suggestions from a machine labeler and using extremely cheap human labelers, e.g. with the Amazon Mechanical Turk  .
1	In our experiments we use standard methods in phrase-based systems   to define the set of phrase entries for each sentence in training data.
1	One option would be to leverage unannotated text  .
1	The current approach does not use specialized probability features as in   in any stage during decoder parameter training.
1	In fact, we found that it doesnt do so badly at all: the bitag HMM estimated by EM achieves a mean 1-to1 tagging accuracy of 40%, which is approximately the same as the 41.3% reported by   for their sophisticated MRF model.
1	In this work, we employ a syntax-based model that applies a series of tree/string   rules   to a source language string to produce a target language phrase structure tree.
1	More specifically, the work on optimizing preference factors and semantic collocations was done as part of a project on spoken language translation in which the CLE was used for analysis and generation of both English and Swedish  .
1	e adopt the similarity score proposed by Lin   as the distributional similarity score and use 50 nearest neighbours in line with McCarthy et al. For the random baseline we select one word sense at random for each word token and average the precision over 100 trials
0	While most parsing methods are currently supervised or semi-supervised  , they depend on hand-annotated data which are difficult to come by and which exist only for a few languages.
2	This provides a compelling advantage over previous dependency language models for MT  ,whichusea5-gramLMonlyduringreranking.
1	The construction is defined in Fillmore's   Construction Grammar as ""a pairing of a syntactic pattern with a meaning structure""; they are similar to signs in HPSG   and pattern-concept pairs  .
1	Examples have been class-based D2-gram models  , smoothing techniques for structural disambiguation   and word sense disambiguation  .
1	  present a probabilistic model for pronoun resolution trained on a small subset of the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal corpus  .
1	The simple idea that words in a source chunk are typically aligned to words in a single possible target chunk is used to discard alignments which link words from 2We use IBM-1 to IBM-5 models   implemented with GIZA++  .
1	 , Pereira and Tishby  , and Pereira, Tishby, and Lee   propose methods that derive classes from the distributional properties of the corpus itself, while other authors use external information sources to define classes: Resnik   uses the taxonomy of WordNet; Yarowsky   uses the categories of Roget's Thesaurus, Slator   and Liddy and Paik   use the subject codes in the LDOCE; Luk   uses conceptual sets built from the LDOCE definitions.
1	To identify these, we use a word-aligned corpus annotated with parse trees generated by statistical syntactic parsers  .
1	In order to prove this induction step, we use the concept of order annotations  , which are strings that lexicalise the precedence relation between the nodes of a dependency tree.
1	n alternative training criterion therefore directly optimizes translation quality as measured by an automatic evaluation criterion  
1	2.2 Statistical Approaches with a grmnnmr There have been nlally l)rOl)osals tbr statistical t'rameworks particularly designed tbr 1)arsers with hand-crafted grmnmars  es, 1992; Briscoe and Carroll, 1993; Abney, 1996; Inui et al. , 1!)97).
1	ur approach thus provides an even more extreme version of automatic con rmation generation than that used byChu-Carroll and Carpenter   where only a small eort is required by the developer
1	Lacking an automatic method, recent WSD works   still resort to human intervention to identify and group closely related senses in an MRD.
1	As well as the sentiment expressions leading to evaluations, there are many semantic aspects to be extracted from documents which contain writers opinions, such as subjectivity  , comparative sentences  , or predictive expressions  .
1	Automatic measures like BLEU   or NIST   do so by counting sequences of words in such paraphrases.
1	Furthermore, I based training on maximizing the conditional probability of a parse tree given a sentence, unlike most previous generative models  , which focus on maximizing the joint probability of the parse tree and the sentence.
1	The result in Wu   implies that for the special case of Bracketing ITGs, the time complexity of the algorithm is parenleftbigT3V 3parenrightbig where T and V are the lengths of the two sentences.
1	As was demonstrated in  , even a minimal set of local explicit features achieves results which are non-significantly different from a carefully chosen set of explicit features, given the language independent definition of locality described in section 2.
1	The program takes the output of char_align  , a robust alternative to sentence-based alignment programs, and applies word-level constraints using a version of Brown el al.'s Model 2  , modified and extended to deal with robustness issues.
1	Such techniques are currently being applied in many areas, including language identification, authorship attribution  , text genre classification  , topic identification  , and subjective sentiment classification  .
1	The typical practice of preprocessing distributional data is to remove rare word co-occurrences, thus aiming to reduce noise from idiosyncratic word uses and linguistic processing errors and at the same time form more compact word representations  .
1	inimum-error-rate training was done using Koehns implementation of Ochs   minimum-error-rate model
1	The class-based approaches   calculate co-occurrence data of words belonging to different classes,~ rather than individual words, to enhance the co-occurrence data collected and to cover words which have low occurrence frequencies.
1	57 Given a pair of English sentences to be compared  , we perform tokenization2, lemmatization using WordNet3, and part-of-speech   tagging with the MXPOST tagger  .
2	Statistical models for machine translation heavily depend on the concept of alignment, specifically, the well known IBM word based models  .
1	In all experiments that follow, each system configuration was independently optimized on the NIST 2003 Chinese-English test set   using minimum error rate training   and tested on the NIST 2005 Chinese-English task  .
1	As a result, the empirical approach has been adopted by almost all contemporary part-of-speech programs: Bahl and Mercer  , Leech, Garside, and Atwell  , Jelinek  , Deroualt and Merialdo  , Garside, Leech, and Sampson  , Church  , DeRose  , Hindle  , Kupiec  , Ayuso et al.
1	Word alignment and phrase extraction We used the GIZA++ word alignment software 3 to produce initial word alignments for our miniature bilingual corpus consisting of the source French file and the English reference file, and the refined word alignment strategy of   to obtain improved word and phrase alignments.
2	When conditioning on words, we treated each word feature individually, as this proved to be useful in  .
1	In contrast, generative models are trained to maximize the joint probability of the training data, which is 1Ramshaw and Marcus   used transformation-based learning  , which for the present purposes can be tought of as a classi cation-based method.
1	Following  , we only include features which occur 5 times or more in training data.
1	It is known that PMI gives undue importance to low frequency events  , therefore the evaluation considers only pairs of genes that occur at least 5 times in the whole corpus.
0	Point-wise mutual information   is commonly used for computing the association of two terms  , which is defined as: nullnullnull null null,null null nullnullnull nullnullnullnull,nullnull nullnull null null null nullnullnullnullnull . However, we argue that PMI is not a suitable measure for our purpose.
2	2.3 Collinss   Parser Collinss statistical parser  ), improved by Bikel  , is based on the probabilities between head-words in parse trees.
1	Reported and direct speech are certainly important in discourse  ; we do not believe, however, that they enter discourse relations of the type that RST attempts to capture.
2	Several classification models can be adopted here, however, we choose the averaged perceptron algorithm   because of its simplicity and high accuracy.
1	In the early statistical translation model work at IBM, these representations were called cepts, short for concepts  .
1	Since Soon   started the trend of using the machine learning approach by using a binary classifier in a pairwise manner for solving co-reference resolution problem, many machine learning-based systems have been built, using both supervised and, unsupervised learning methods  .
1	Due to the parameter interdependencies introduced by the one-to-one assumption, we are unlikely to find a method for decomposing the assignments into parameters that can be estimated independently of each other as in Brown et al. \ ).
1	For all performance metrics, we show the 70% confidence interval with respect to the MAP baseline computed using bootstrap resampling  .
1	Training and testing were performed using the noun phrase chunking corpus described in Ramshaw & Marcus    .
1	Any way to enforce linguistic constraints will result in a reduced need for data, and ultimately in more complete models, given the same amount of data  .
1	Although a large number of studies have been made on learning paraphrases, for example  , there are only a few studies which address the connotational difference of paraphrases.
1	Berger et al. 1996 presented a way of computing conditional maximum entropy models directly by modifying equation 6 as follows   ): i ~Cx~) = ~ f~  * ~  ~ ~ .~  * ~  * pCy I ~) = p    x6X yEY xEX yEY where ~  is an empirical probability of a joint configuration   of certain instantiated factor I variables with certain instantiated behavior variables.
1	Secondly, we used the Kappa coefficient  , which has become the standard evaluation metric and the score obtained was 0.905.
2	Many machine learning techniques have been developed to tackle such random process tasks, which include Hidden Markov Models    , Maximum Entropy Models    , Support Vector Machines    , etc. Among them, SVMs have high memory capacity and show high performance, especially when the target classification requires the consideration of various features.
1	The {ij}j=1m weights are estimated during the training phase to maximize the likelihood of the data  .
1	Note that the predicate language representation utilized by Carmel-Tools is in the style of Davidsonian event based semantics  .
1	Vilain and Day   identify   name phrases such as company names, locations, etc. Ramshaw and Marcus   detect noun phrases, by classifying each word as being inside a phrase, outside or on the boundary between phrases.
1	The self-training protocol is the same as in  : we parse the entire unlabeled corpus in one iteration.
2	Evidence for the measurement properties of the I-QoL has been demonstrated by a number of studies  ; this study represents the largest evaluation in a UK population.
1	a list of pilot terms ranked from the most representative of the corpus to the least thanks to the Loglikelihood coefficient introduced by  .
0	This time the chunker achieved a F~=l score of 93.81 which is half a point better than the results obtained by  : 93.3  .
2	Widely used alignment models, such as IBM Model serial   and HMM , all assume one-to-many alignments.
2	As stated earlier, GABAB  and GABAB  are the most abundantly expressed variants of the GABAB  subunit  , both of which form functional heterodimers with the GABAB  subunit  .
1	The trends are the same as in  : Adding NANC data improves parsing performance on BROWN development considerably, improving the f-score from 83.9% to 86.4%.
1	The definitions of part-of-speech   categories and syntactic labels follow those of the Treebank I style  .
1	Aggregate models based on higher-order n-grams   might be able to capture multi-word structures such as noun phrases.
1	4.1.3 Alternative Paraphrasing Techniques To investigate the effect of paraphrase quality on automatic evaluation, we consider two alternative paraphrasing resources: Latent Semantic Analysis  , and Brown clustering  .
2	Insulin sensitivity was measured using the insulin sensitivity index of Matsuda, a wellestablished measure of whole-body insulin sensitivity  .
0	The simplest ""period-space-capital_letter"" approach works well for simple texts but is rather unreliable for texts with many proper names and abbreviations at the end of sentence as, for instance, the Wall Street Journal   corpus   ).
1	First, two maximum entropy classifiers   are applied, where the first predicts clause start labels and the second predicts clause end labels.
1	4.4 Corpora We ran the three syntactic preprocessors over a total of three corpora, of varying size: the Brown corpus   and Wall Street Journal corpus  , both derived from the Penn Treebank  , and the written component of the British National Corpus  ).
2	The current trendsetters in predictive coding are the motor control crowd who have developed, empirically validated, and promoted the notion of internal forward models as a neural mechanism necessary for smooth, efficient motor control  .
2	edu/eeglab); this procedure was extremely effective in decomposing the signals into multiple statistically independent components, allowing artifacts to be easily detected  .
1	However for remedy, many of the current word alignment methods combine the results of both alignment directions, via intersection or 249 grow-diag-final heuristic, to improve the alignment reliability  .
1	To enable such techniques, we bring the cohesion constraint inside the ITG framework  .
2	We also plan to apply self-training of n-best tagger which successfully boosted the performance of one of the best existing English syntactic parser  .
1	The performance of PB-SMT system is measured with BLEU score  .
1	The diversity function rewards summaries that cover many important aspects and plays the redundancy reducing role that is common in most extractive summarization frameworks  .
1	The weights are then averaged across all iterations of the perceptron, as in  .
1	Such a similarity is calculated by using the WordNet::Similarity tool  , and, concretely, the Wu-Palmer measure, as defined in Equation1  .
1	In this paper a discriminative parser is proposed to implement maximum entropy   models   to address the learning task.
1	6 Experiments We evaluated the translation quality of the system using the BLEU metric  .
1	Two baseNP data sets have been put forward by  .
1	SMT has evolved from the original word-based approach   into phrase-based approaches   and syntax-based approaches  .
1	Rule-based taggers   use POS-dependent constraints defined by experienced linguists.
1	One is to find unknown words from corpora and put them into a dictionary  ), and the other is to estimate a model that can identify unknown words correctly  ).
1	We also compared the cluster gazetteers with the Wikipedia gazetteer constructed by following the method of  .
1	We use BLEU scores   to measure translation accuracy.
2	To overcome this problem, unsupervised learning methods using huge unlabeled data to boost the performance of rules learned by small labeled data have been proposed recently    .
1	The features we used are as follows:  Direct and inverse IBM model;  3, 4-gram target language model;  3, 4, 5-gram POS language model  ; 96  Sentence length posterior probability  ;  N-gram posterior probabilities within the NBest list  ;  Minimum Bayes Risk probability;  Length ratio between source and target sentence; The weights are optimized via MERT algorithm.
1	This generates tens of millions features, so we prune those features that occur fewer than 10 total times, as in  .
1	Distance measures for CCG Our distance measures are related to those proposed by Goodman  , which are appropriate for binary trees  ).
1	c 2009 Association for Computational Linguistics Reverse Revision and Linear Tree Combination for Dependency Parsing Giuseppe Attardi Dipartimento di Informatica Universit`a di Pisa Pisa, Italy attardi@di.unipi.it Felice DellOrletta Dipartimento di Informatica Universit`a di Pisa Pisa, Italy felice.dellorletta@di.unipi.it 1 Introduction Deterministic transition-based Shift/Reduce dependency parsers make often mistakes in the analysis of long span dependencies  .
1	This involves running GIZA++   on the corpus in both directions, and applying renement rules   to obtain a single many-tomany word alignment for each sentence.
1	Note that using stems and their synonyms as used in METEOR   could also be considered for word similarity.
1	In this paper, we follow this line of research and try to solve the problem by extending Collins perceptron algorithm  .
1	Note that the results of MB-D here cannot be directly compared with those in  , mainly because the data used are different.
1	The computation mechanism of GP and LP bears a resemblance to the EM algorithm , which iteratively computes maximum likelihood estimates from incomplete data.
1	However, Klein and Manning   showed that for natural language and text processing tasks, conditional models are usually better than joint likelihood models.
1	It turns out that while problems of coverage and ambiguity prevent straightforward lookup, injection of gazetteer matches as features in machine-learning based approaches is critical for good performance  .
1	All our experiments used the standard BIO encoding   with different feature sets and learning procedures.
1	  and Chiang  , in terms of what alignments they induce, has been discussed in Wu   and Wellington et al.
1	By contrast, in the training method proposed by  , the discriminative function f  is estimated to maximize the F 1 -score of training dataset D. This training method employs an approximate form of the F 1 -score obtained by using a logistic function.
2	Today, naltrexone is often considered an effective and recommendable medication for gambling addiction  .
1	ProAlign models P  directly, using a different decomposition of terms than the model used by IBM  .
1	The sampler reasons over the infinite space of possible translation units without recourse to arbitrary restrictions   or a grammar fixed a priori (Blunsom et al., 1f and e are the input and output sentences respectively.
1	The task originally emerged as an intermediate result of training the IBM translation models  .
2	Kit E was extensively tested with good analytical performance  .
1	Statistical machine translation views the translation process as a noisy-channel signal recovery process in which one tries to recover the input signal e, from the observed output signal f.1 Early statistical machine translation systems used a purely word-based approach without taking into account any of the morphological or syntactic properties of the languages  .
1	To prune away those pairs, we used the log-likelihood-ratio algorithm   to compute the degree of association between the verb and the noun in each pair.
1	A remedy is to aggressively limit the feature space, e.g. to syntactic labels or a small fraction of the bi-lingual features available, as in  , but that reduces the benefit of lexical features.
1	4.2 Data The data comes from the CoNLL 2000 shared task  , which consists of sentences from the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal corpus  .
1	2 RelatedWork 2.1 Sentiment Classification Most previous work on the problem of categorizing opinionated texts has focused on the binary classification of positive and negative sentiment  .
1	2 Phrase-based statistical machine translation Phrase-based SMT uses a framework of log-linear models   to integrate multiple features.
1	From the extracted n-grams, those with a flequc'ncy of 3 or more were kept  ).
1	These instances can be retagged with their countability by using the proposed method and some kind of bootstrapping  .
1	For the future, the joint model would benefit from lexical weighting like that used in the standard model  .
1	1 word w 2 word bigram w1w2 3 single-character word w 4 a word of length l with starting character c 5 a word of length l with ending character c 6 space-separated characters c1 and c2 7 character bigram c1c2 in any word 8 the first / last characters c1 / c2 of any word 9 word w immediately before character c 10 character c immediately before word w 11 the starting characters c1 and c2 of two consecutive words 12 the ending characters c1 and c2 of two consecutive words 13 a word of length l with previous word w 14 a word of length l with next word w Table 1: Feature templates for the baseline segmentor 2 The Baseline System We built a two-stage baseline system, using the perceptron segmentation model from our previous work   and the perceptron POS tagging model from Collins  .
1	Some adopt a pipeline approach  , which works by first extracting candidate affixes and stems, and then segmenting the words based on the candidates.
1	The Bridge system uses the XLE   parser to produce syntactic structures and then the XLE ordered rewrite system to produce linguistic semantics   and abstract knowledge representations.
1	SRILM   can produce classes to maximize the mutual information between the classes I ;C ), as described in  .
1	Our method revises and considerably extends the approach of   originally designed for English, and, to the best of our knowledge, is the first NLD recovery algorithm for Chinese.
1	Second, McDonald and Satta   propose an O  algorithm for computing the marginals, as opposed to the O  matrix-inversion approach used by Smith and Smith   and ourselves.
1	In this framework, the source language, let-s say English, is assumed to be generated by a noisy probabilistic source.1 Most of the current statistical MT systems treat this source as a sequence of words  .
1	For example, the words corruption and abuse are similar because both of them can be subjects of verbs like arouse, become, betray, cause, continue, cost, exist, force, go on, grow, have, increase, lead to, and persist, etc, and both of them can modify nouns like accusation, act, allegation, appearance, and case, etc. Many methods have been proposed to compute distributional similarity between words, e.g.,  ,  ,   and  .
1	The unlabeled data for English we use is the union of the Penn Treebank tagged WSJ data   and the BLLIP corpus.5 For the rest of the languages we use only the text of George Orwells novel 1984, which is provided in morphologically disambiguated form as part of MultextEast  .
1	Different news articles reporting on the same event are commonly used as monolingual comparable corpora, from which both paraphrase patterns and phrasal paraphrases can be derived  .
1	If the bound is too tight to allow the correct parse of some sentence, we would still like to allow an accurate partial parse: a sequence of accurate parse fragments  .
1	We show that our semi-supervised approach yields improvements for fixed datasets by performing parsing experiments on the Penn Treebank   and Prague Dependency Treebank    .
1	This is the shared task baseline system for the 2006 NAACL/HLT workshop on statistical machine translation   and consists of the Pharaoh decoder  , SRILM  , GIZA++  , mkcls  , Carmel,1 and a phrase model training code.
2	The contraceptive reliability of the levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system   is well established, with efficacy comparable to female sterilization  , but with the added advantage of rapid return of fertility upon removal.
1	In this paper we present a novel PCFG-based architecture for probabilistic generation based on wide-coverage, robust Lexical Functional Grammar   approximations automatically extracted from treebanks  .
0	An alternative method   makes decisions at the end but has a high computational requirement.
1	The use of Profile HMMs for multiple sequence alignment also presents applications to the acquisition of mapping dictionaries   and sentence-level paraphrasing  .
1	As a final note, following Collins  , we used the averaged parameters from the training algorithm in decoding test examples in our experiments.
1	The hierarchical phrase translation pairs are extracted in a standard way  : First, the bilingual data are word alignment annotated by running GIZA++   in two directions.
1	In shift-reduce parsing, further mistakes are often caused by previous ones, so only the first mistake in each sentence   is easily identifiable;7 this is also the argument for early update in applying perceptron learning to these incremental parsing algorithms    .
1	This does not seem to be the case, however, for common feature weighting functions, such as Point-wise Mutual Information  .
1	Carpuat and Wu   integrated a WSD system into a phrase-based SMT system, Pharaoh  .
2	354 supervised induction techniques that have been successfully developed for English  , Clark  ), including the recentlyproposed prototype-driven approach   and Bayesian approach  .
1	For example, in this work we use loglikelihood ratio   to determine the SoA between a word sense and co-occurring words, and cosine to determine the distance between two DPWSs log likelihood vectors  .
1	Dredze et al. yielded the second highest score1 in the domain adaptation track  .
0	Although Geweke’s approach incorporates more realistic assumptions compared with  , also tackled the problem of gene selection using the Bayesian variable selection framework.
1	5.5 Applying F-score Optimization Technique In addition, we can simply apply the F-score optimization technique for the sequence labeling tasks proposed in   to boost the HySOL performance since the base discriminative models pD  and discriminative combination, namely Equation  , in our hybrid model basically uses the same optimization procedure as CRFs.
1	1 Introduction Most   statistical machine translation systems employ a word-based alignment model  , which treats words in a sentence as independent entities and ignores the structural relationship among them.
1	7.2 Minimum-Risk Training Adjusting  or  changes the distribution p. Minimum error rate training     tries to tune  to minimize the BLEU loss of a decoder that chooses the most probable output according to p.
1	3 The Framework 3.1 The Algorithm Our transductive learning algorithm, Algorithm 1, is inspired by the Yarowsky algorithm  .
1	Following the phrase extraction phase in PHARAOH, we eliminate word gaps by incorporating unaligned words as part of the extracted NL phrases  .
1	Second, the automatic approach, in which the model is automatically obtained from corpora   1, and consists of n-grams  , rules   or neural nets  .
1	3 Bi-Stream HMMs for Transliteration Standard IBM translation models   can be used to obtain letter-to-letter translations.
1	Banerjee and Lavie   and Chan and Ng   use WordNet, and Zhou et al.
1	5 Datasets and Evaluation We train our models with verb instances extracted from three parsed corpora:   the Wall Street Journal section of the Penn Treebank  , which was parsed by human annotators  ,   the Brown Laboratory for Linguistic Information Processing corpus of Wall Street Journal text  , which was parsed automatically by the Charniak parser  , and   the Gigaword corpus of raw newswire text  , which we parsed ourselves with the Stanford parser.
2	We train an event model with a binary SVM classifier after the features are selected, and   The state-of-the-art event detection methods.
1	We determined appropriate training parameters and network size based on intermediate validation 1We used a publicly available tagger   to provide the tags.
1	Specifically, stochastic translation lexicons estimated using the IBM method   from a fairly large sentence-aligned Chinese-English parallel corpus are used in their approach  a considerable demand for a resourcedeficient language.
2	Proceedings of the Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural 2 Automatic Thesaurus Extraction The development of large thesauri and semantic resources, such as WordNet  , has allowed lexical semantic information to be leveraged to solve NLP tasks, including collocation discovery  , model estimation   and text classi cation  .
1	An additional consistent edge of a linear-chain conditional random field   explicitly models the dependencies between distant occurrences of similar words  .
1	3.2 Automatic ROUGE Evaluation ROUGE measuresthen-grammatchbetween system generated summaries and human summaries.
0	Although the midzonal and pericentral sinusoidal responses to gut I/R in mice were significantly blunted relative to previous observations reported for rat liver, the leukocyte adhesion responses noted in THV of mice were much greater than in rats  .
1	The parameters of the MT system were optimized on MTEval02 data using minimum error rate training  .
1	5.3 Evaluation Metric This paper focuses on the BLEU metric as presented in  .
1	For example, minimum entropy regularization  , aims to maximize the conditional likelihood of labeled data while minimizing the conditional entropy of unlabeled data: summationdisplay i logp |x ) 122bardblbardbl2H    This approach generally would result in sharper models which can be data-sensitive in practice.
1	  of running GIZA++   in both directions and then merging the alignments using the grow-diag-final heuristic.
1	Zens and Ney   compute the viterbi alignments for German-English and French-English sentences pairs using IBM Model 5, and then measure how many of the resulting alignments fall within the hard constraints of both Wu   and Berger et al.
1	atnaparkhi   estimates a POS tagging error rate of 3% in the Treebank
2	zeamais, which could be an attractive alternative considering the great potential of the oil as insecticide and repellent, particularly because it is rich in monoterpenes  .
1	Before parsing, POS tags are assigned to the input sentence using our reimplementation of the POStagger from Collins  .
1	In this study, we use the Google Web 1T 5gram Corpus  .
1	This may be because their system was not tuned using minimum error rate training  .
1	While in this paper we evaluated our framework on the discovery of concepts, we have recently proposed fully unsupervised frameworks for the discovery of different relationship types  .
1	On the machine-learning side, it would be interesting to generalize the ideas of large-margin classi cation to sequence models, strengthening the results of Collins   and leading to new optimal training algorithms with stronger guarantees against over tting.
2	We employed three modelling approaches that have successfully been applied in previous studies on species distribution  : generalised linear models  , generalised additive models  , and classification and regression trees‚Ä¶
2	The creation of the Penn English Treebank  , a syntactically interpreted corpus, played a crucial role in the advances in natural language parsing technology   for English.
2	Like in other studies  , the total recall item   revealed to be the most important measure in the distinction between patients and controls.
1	We can use a linear-time algorithm   to detect non-ITG movement in our high-confidence links, and remove the offending sentence pairs from our training corpus.
1	We computed the LCS and WLCS-based F-measure following   using both the query pool and the sentence pool as in the previous section.
1	2.2 Xerox Tagger The Xerox Tagger 1, XT,   is a statistical tagger made by Doug Cutting, Julian Kupiec, Jan Pedersen and Penelope Sibun in Xerox PARC.
0	The mean firing rate of the pFSIs  , although on first reflection seems low, is faster than that observed in histologically identified FSIs recorded under ketamine anesthesia   and within the range seen in the awake animal  .
1	The percentage agreement for each of the features is shown in the following table: feature percent agreement form 100% intentionality 74.9% awareness 93.5% safety 90.7% As advocated by Carletta  , we have used the Kappa coefficient   as a measure of coder agreement.
1	hese weights or scaling factors can be optimized with respect to some evaluation criterion  
1	The most commonly used automatic evaluation metrics, BLEU   and NIST  , are based on the assumption that The closer a machine translation is to a professional human translation, the better it is  .
1	The IBM models   benefit from a one-tomany constraint, where each target word has ex105 the tax causes unrest l' impt cause le malaise Figure 1: A cohesion constraint violation.
1	The evaluation results also confirm the argument of Dunning  , who suggested G2 as a more robust alternative to X2.
1	There are good reasons for using such a hand-crafted, genre-specific verb lexicon instead of a general resource such as WordNet or Levins   classes: Many verbs used in the domain of scientific argumentation have assumed a specialized meaning, which our lexicon readily encodes.
1	We adopted log-likelihood ratio  , which gave the best pertbrmance among crude non-iterative methods in our test experiments 6 .
1	So, we pre-tagged the input to the Bikel parser using the MXPOST tagger  .
1	Previous studies   defined a probabilistic model of unification-based grammars including HPSG as a log-linear model or maximum entropy model  .
1	Since the DUC 2004 evaluation, Lin   has concluded that certain ROUGE metrics correlate better with human judgments than others, depending on the summarisation task being evaluated, i.e. single document, headline, or multi-document summarisation.
2	For subproblem  , we have devised a new method, based on LPR, which has some good properties not shared by the methods proposed so far  .
0	But without the global normalization, the maximumlikelihood criterion motivated by the maximum entropy principle   is no longer a feasible option as an optimization criterion.
1	In particular, it shows systematically better F-Measure and Accuracy measures over all other metrics showing an improvement of   at least 2.86% in terms of F-Measure and 3.96% in terms of Accuracy and   at most 6.61% in terms of FMeasure and 6.74% in terms of Accuracy compared to the second best metric which is also systematically the word N-gram overlap similarity measure used by  .
1	3.2 System Combination Scheme In our work, we use a sentence-level system combination model to select best translation hypothesis from the candidate pool     . This method can also be viewed to be a hypotheses reranking model since we only use the existing translations instead of performing decoding over a confusion network as done in the word-level combination method  .
1	204 4.2.2 Correlation between TREC nuggets and non-text features Analyzing the features used could let us understand summarization better  .
1	For instance, in Pang and Lee  , yd would be the polarity of the document and ysi would indicate whether sentence si is subjective or objective.
2	Transformation-based learning has also been successfully applied to text chunking  , morphological disambiguation  , and phrase parsing  .
1	In cases where the number of gold tags is different than the number of induced tags, some must necessarily remain unassigned  .
2	A detailed description of the popular translation models IBM-1 to IBM-5  , aswellastheHidden-Markovalignmentmodel     can be found in  .
2	1 Introduction State-of-the-art part of speech   tagging accuracy is now above 97% for newspaper text  .
1	As an alternative to the often used sourcechannel approach  , we directly model the posterior probability Pr   .
1	In   the model is optimized to produce a block orientation and the target sentence is used only for computing a sentence level BLEU.
0	IBM Model1   is a simplistic model which takes no account of the subtler aspects of language translation including the way word order tends to differ across languages.
1	The synchronous grammar rules are extracted from word aligned sentence pairs where the target sentence is annotated with a syntactic parse  .
1	he initial phase relies on a parser that draws on the SPECIALIST Lexicon   and the Xerox Part-of-Speech Tagger   to produce an underspecified categorial analysis
1	This program differs from earlier work in its almost complete lack of hand-crafting, relying instead on a very small corpus of Penn Wall Street Journal Tree-bank text   that has been marked with co-reference information.
1	The standard Minimum Error Rate training   was applied to tune the weights for all feature types.
2	The averaged perceptron   is a variant which averages the w across all iterations; it has demonstrated good generalization especially with data that is not linearly separable, as in many natural language processing problems.
2	2 Related Work Recently, several successful attempts have been made at using supervised machine learning for word alignment  .
1	Although the relative success of previous disambiguation systems   suggests that this should be the case, the effect has usually not been quantified as the emphasis was on a task-based evaluation.
1	4.1.1 Lexical co-occurrences Lexical co-occurrences have previously been shown to be useful for discourse level learning tasks  .
1	Discriminative parsing has been investigated before, such as in Johnson  , Clark and Curran  , Henderson  , Koo and Collins  , Turian et al.
1	Besides the the case-sensitive BLEU-4   used in the two experiments, we design another evaluation metrics Reordering Accuracy   for forced decoding evaluation.
2	2 Related Work To model the syntactic transformation process, researchers in these fieldsespecially in machine translationhave developed powerful grammatical formalisms and statistical models for representing and learning these tree-to-tree relations  .
1	Dependency representation has been used for language modeling, textual entailment and machine translation  , to name a few tasks.
1	They constructed word clusters by using HMMs or Browns clustering algorithm  , which utilize only information from neighboring words.
1	he last line shows the results of Ramshaw and Marcus     with the same train/test data
1	Self-training is a commonly used technique for semi-supervised learning that has been ap532 plied to several natural language processing tasks  .
1	This approach is similar to that of seed words  ) or hook words  ) in previous work.
0	They compare two data representations and report that a representation with bracket structures outperforms the IOB tagging representation introduced by  .
1	This estimate could be used as a starting point for a more detailed alignment algorithm such as word_align  .
2	2 Parsing Model The Berkeley parser   is an efficient and effective parser that introduces latent annotations   to refine syntactic categories to learn better PCFG grammars.
1	Many grammars, such as finite-state grammars  , bracket/inversion transduction grammars    , context-free grammar  , tree substitution grammar     and their synchronous versions, have been explored in SMT.
1	This is in sharp contrast to the smoothed fixed-word statistics in most lexicalized parsing models derived from sparse data  , Collins  , Charniak  , etc.).
1	The prime public domain examples of such implementations include the TrigramsnTags tagger  , Xerox tagger   and LT POS tagger  .
1	As in much recent empirical work in discourse processing  , we performed an intercoder reliability study investigating agreement in annotating the times.
1	2 Data Sets for the Experiments 2.1 Coordination Annotation in the PENN TREEBANK For our experiments, we used the WSJ part of the PENN TREEBANK  .
0	 ), and Basque  , which pose quite different and in the end less severe problems, there have been attempts at solving this problem for some of the highly inflectional European languages, such as  ,    ,  ,     and    , but so far no system has reached in the absolute terms a performance comparable to English tagging  ), which stands around or above 97%.
1	The more recent set of techniques includes mult iplicative weightupdate algorithms  , latent semantic analysis  , transformation-based learning  , differential grammars  , decision lists  , and a variety of Bayesian classifiers  .
1	Measures of attributional similarity have been studied extensively, due to their applications in problems such as recognizing synonyms  , information retrieval  , determining semantic orientation  , grading student essays  , measuring textual cohesion  , and word sense disambiguation  .
1	  always predicts a flat NP for such configurations).
0	When compared to other kernel methods, our approach performs better than those based on the Tree kernel  , and is only 0.2% worse than the best results achieved by a kernel method for parsing  .
1	Another body of related work is the literature on word clustering in computational linguistics   and document clustering in information retrieval  .
0	Although these signals may serve useful functions when determining stereo correspondence  , it seems wasteful to replicate these signals higher in the visual pathway.
1	It has been observed that words close to each other in the source language tend to remain close to each other in the translation  .
1	The next two methods are heuristic   in   and grow-diagonal   proposed in  .
2	As agreement measure we choose the Kappa coefficient   , the agreement measure predominantly used in natural language processing research  .
1	In Smadja's collocation algorithm Xtract, the lowest-frequency words are effectively discarded as well  .
1	ISBNs, originally proposed for constituent parsing in  , use vectors of binary latent variables to encode information about the parse history.
1	 ,   thesaurus categories  ,   translation in another language  ,   automatically induced clusters with sublexical representation  , and   hand-crafted lexicons  .
1	As shown by McDonald and Nivre  , the Single Malt parser tends to suffer from two problems: error propagation due to the deterministic parsing strategy, typicallyaffectinglongdependenciesmorethan short ones, and low precision on dependencies originating in the artificial root node due to fragmented parses.9 The question is which of these problems is alleviatedbythemultipleviewsgivenbythecomponent parsers in the Blended system.
0	Despite evidence derived from human ALS and mouse and cells models of ALS indicating that mitochondria have a role in disease pathogenesis  , recent human ALS clinical trials with putative mitochondrial acting drugs have been unsuccessful.
2	Finally, to estimate the parameters i of the weighted linear model, we adopt the popular minimum error rate training procedure   which directly optimizes translation quality as measured by the BLEU metric.
2	Its also worth noting that Collins and Roark   saw a LFMS improvement of 0.8% over their baseline discriminative parser after adding punctuation features, one of which encoded the sentence-final punctuation.
1	4.5.2 BLEU on NIST MT Test Sets We use MT02 as the development set4 for minimum error rate training    .
1	The summaries from the above algorithm for the QF-MDS were evaluated based on ROUGE metrics  .
1	While recent proposals for evaluation of MT systems have involved multi-parallel corpora  , statistical MT algorithms typically only use one-parallel data.
1	Within this class would fall the Lexical Implication Rules   of Ostler and Atkins  , the lexical rules of Copestake and Briscoe  , the Generative Lexicon of Pustejovsky  , and the ellipsis recovery procedUres of Viegas and Nirenburg  .
1	The L1 or L2 norm is commonly used in statistical natural language processing  .
1	sing thesaurus categories directly as a coarse sense division may seem to be a viable alternative  
2	While several animal studies have successfully established the protective use of hypothermia  .
1	HockenmaierandSteedman showedthat a CCG corpus could be created by adapting the Penn Treebank  .
0	Most recently,   published their Semi-supervised sequential labelling method, whose results on POS tagging seem to be optically better than  , but no significance tests were given and the tool is not available for download, i.e. for repeating the results and significance testing.
1	In the supervised condition, we used just 2 additional task instances, plant and tank, each with 4000 handannotated instances drawn from a large balanced corpus  .
1	2.3 Online Learning Again following  , we have used the single best MIRA  , which is a margin aware variant of perceptron   for structured prediction.
1	  managed to extract LFG subcategorisation frames and paths linking long distance dependencies reentrancies from f-structures generated automatically for the PennII treebank trees and used them in an long distance dependency resolution algorithm to parse new text.
1	For each word pair from the antonym set, we calculated the distributional distance between each of their senses using Mohammad and Hirsts   method of concept distance along with the modified form of Lins   distributional measure  .
1	erceptron Learning a discriminative structure prediction model with a perceptron update was first proposed by Collins  
1	The phoneme prediction and sequence modeling are considered as tagging problems and a Perceptron HMM   is used to model it.
0	Therefore, sublanguage techniques such as Sager   and Smadja   do not work.
1	To help our model learn that it is desirable to copy answer words into the question, we add to each corpus a list of identical dictionary word pairs w iw i . For each corpus, we use GIZA  , a publicly available SMT package that implements the IBM models  , to train a QA noisy-channel model that maps flattened answer parse trees, obtained using the cut procedure described in Section 3.1, into questions.
1	4.1 Baseline Our baseline system is a fairly typical phrasebased machine translation system   built within the framework of a feature-based exponential model containing the following features: Table 1: Language Resources Corpus Train Dev Eval NC Spanish sentences 74K 2,001 2,007 words 2,048K 49,116 56,081 vocab 61K 9,047 8,638 length 27.6 24.5 27.9 OOV    5.2 / 2.9 1.4 / 0.9 English sentences 74K 2,001 2,007 words 1,795K 46,524 49,693 vocab 47K 8,110 7,541 length 24.2 23.2 24.8 OOV    5.2 / 2.9 1.2 / 0.9 perplexity  349 / 381 348 / 458 EP Spanish sentences 1,404K 1,861 2,000 words 41,003K 50,216 61,293 vocab 170K 7,422 8,251 length 29.2 27.0 30.6 OOV    2.4 / 0.1 2.4 / 0.2 English sentences 1,404K 1,861 2,000 words 39,354K 48,663 59,145 vocab 121K 5,869 6,428 length 28.0 26.1 29.6 OOV    1.8 / 0.1 1.9 / 0.1 perplexity  210 / 72 305 / 125 Table 2: Testset 2009 Corpus Test NC Spanish sentences 3,027 words 80,591 vocab 12,616 length 26.6  Source-target phrase translation probability  Inverse phrase translation probability  Source-target lexical weighting probability  Inverse lexical weighting probability  Phrase penalty  Language model probability  Lexical reordering probability  Simple distance-based distortion model  Word penalty For the training of the statistical models, standard word alignment  ) and language modeling  ) tools were used.
1	In this paper we will describe extensions to tile Hidden-Markov alignment model froln   and compare tlmse to Models 1 4 of  .
0	Even though the architecture is attractive, the implementation has its limits due to the internal mechanisms and the properties of class loading in the JVM  .
1	Finally, since non-projective constructions often involve long-distance dependencies, the problem is closely related to the recovery of empty categories and non-local dependencies in constituency-based parsing  .
1	These results were achieved using the statistical alignments provided by model 5   and smoothed 11-grams and 6-grams, respectively.
1	A similar view underlies the class-based methods cited in Section 2.4.3  .
2	However, the most interesting work is certainly proposed by   who extract patterns in two steps.
1	Third, we hope that the improved parses of bitext will serve as higher quality training data for improving monolingual parsing using a process similar to self-training  .
1	C3BTC5 and CCCDCA were used in   and  , respectively.
1	he corresponding weight is trained through minimum error rate method  
1	Moreover, rather than predicting an intrinsic metric such as the PARSEVAL Fscore, the metric that the predictor learns to predict can be chosen to better fit the final metric on which an end-to-end system is measured, in the style of  .
1	For each training direction, we run GIZA++  , specifying 5 iterations of Model 1, 4 iterations of the HMM model  , and 4 iterations of Model 4.
1	his feature is implemented by using the IBM-1 lexical parameters  
1	INTRODUCTION Word associations have been studied for some time in the fields of psycholinguistics  , linguistics  , and more recently, by researchers in natural language processing   using statistical measures to identify sets of associated words for use in various natural language processing tasks.
1	Many approaches have been proposed for semisupervised learning in the past, including: generative models  , self-learning  , cotraining  , informationtheoretic regularization  , and graphbased transductive methods  .
1	Much previous work has been done on this problem and many different methods have been used: Church's PARTS   program uses a Markov model; Bourigault   uses heuristics along with a grammar; Voutilainen's NPTool   uses a lexicon combined with a constraint grammar; Juteson and Katz   use repeated phrases; Veenstra  , Argamon, Dagan & Krymolowski  and Daelemaus, van den Bosch & Zavrel   use memory-based systems; Ramshaw & Marcus   and Cardie & Pierce   use rule-based systems.
1	  The heuristics in Section 6 are designed specifically to find the interesting features in that featureless desert.
2	In the experiments, two popular benchmarks are used to evaluate the proposed method: the CohnKanade   facial expression databases.
1	ur study is also different from these previous ones in that measuring the agreement among annotators became an issue  
1	For example, the sentence I went to California last May would be marked for base NPs as: I went to California last May I 0 0 I B I indicating that the NPs are I, California and last May. This approach has been studied in  .
1	They may rely only on this information  ), or they may combine it with additional information as well  ).
1	2We use a POS tagger   trained on switchboard data with the additional tags of FP   and FRAG  .
1	Following Smith and Eisner  , we adopt the view that the syntactic structure of sentences paraphrasing some sentence s should be inspired by the structure of s. Because dependency syntax is still only a crude approximation to semantic structure, we augment the model with a lexical semantics component, based on WordNet  , that models how words are probabilistically altered in generating a paraphrase.
1	We also cannot use prior graph construction methods for the document level  ) at the word sense level.
2	We show that our DDTM system provides significant improvements in BLEU   and TER   scores over the already extremely competitive DTM2 system.
1	POS tagging and phrase chunking in English were done using the trained systems provided with the fnTBL Toolkit  ; both were trained from the annotated Penn Treebank corpus  .
1	Optimal algorithms exist for minimising the size of rules in a Synchronous Context-Free Grammar    .
2	Online learning algorithms have been shown to be robust even with approximate rather than exact inference in problems such as word alignment  , sequence analysis   and phrase-structure parsing  .
1	These parameters 1 8 are tuned by minimum error rate training   on the dev sets.
1	e draw on and extend the work of Marcu and Echihabi  
2	General purpose text annotations, such as part-of-speech tags and noun-phrase bracketing, are costly to obtain but have wide applicability and have been used successfully to develop statistical NLP systems  .
2	The NLST trial was conducted among high-risk individuals of old age and heavy smokers, and demonstrated positive results  .
1	All the TB-LMs and O-RLMs were unpruned 5gram models and used Stupid-backoff smoothing   2 with the backoff parameter set to 0.4 as suggested.
1	There has been some previous work on accuracy-driven training techniques for SMT, such as MERT   and the Simplex Armijo Downhill method  , which tune the parameters in a linear combination of various phrase scores according to a held-out tuning set.
1	In particular, we need to develop a backoff strategy for unseen pairs in the relational similarity tasks, that, following Turney  , could be based on constructing surrogate pairs of taxonomically similar words found in the CxLC space.
0	Although the density of staining in the cerebellar molecular layer appears similar for all 3 ligands, the number of binding sites for 3H-forskolin is approximately IO-fold lower than for either 3H-IP, or )H-PDBu, which are comparable  .
1	Automatic Creation of WIDL-expressions for MT. We generate WIDL-expressions from Chinese strings by exploiting a phrase-based translation table  .
1	Each dataset consisted of a collection of flat rules such as Sput!NP put NP PP extracted from the Penn Treebank  .
2	…showed that imaging or therapeutic agents larger than the BBB’s exclusion threshold of 400 Da could be successfully delivered by FUS with microbubbles  .
1	Note that the results of MB-D here cannot be directly compared with those in Yarowsky  , because the data used are different.
1	Inside/Outside This representation was first introduced in  , and has been applied for base NP chunking.
1	Section 4 compares our results to Itindle's ones  .
1	Considerations of sentence fluency are also key in sentence simplification  , sentence compression  , text re-generation for summarization   and headline generation  .
1	Substring-based transliteration with a generative hybrid model is very similar to existing solutions for phrasal SMT  , operating on characters rather than words.
1	Taken together with cube pruning  , k-best tree extraction  , and cube growing  , these results provide evidence that lazy techniques may penetrate deeper yet into MT decoding and other NLP search problems.
1	From wordlevel alignments, such systems extract the grammar rules consistent either with the alignments and parse trees for one of languages  , or with the the word-level alignments alone without reference to external syntactic analysis  , which is the scenario we address here.
1	For these classications, we calculated a kappa statistic of 0.528  .
1	As referring dataset, we used the PropBank corpora available at www.cis.upenn.edu/ace, along with the Penn TreeBank 2    .
1	4.2 Classifier and Features For our AL framework we decided to employ a Maximum Entropy   classifier  .
1	here are several other approaches such as Ji and Ploux   and the already mentioned Rapp  
1	To avoid this problem, we adopt cross-validation training as used in Collins  .
1	amshaw and Marcus   introduced a transformationbased learning method which considered chunking as a kind of tagging problem
2	Similar survey results in Kentucky showed that the high-stakes, performance-based assessments in writing and mathematics strongly influenced teachers to make their instruction more consistent with the state curriculum in these areas  .
1	Then the initial precision is 1 , citing  , actually uses a superficially different score that is, however, a monotone transform of precision, hence equivalent to precision, since it is used only for sorting.
2	Optimization Metrics When sampling phrase sets for text entry experiments, memorability and representativeness are two metrics that have been widely adopted by researchers  .
1	In particular, ROUGE-2 is the recall in bigrams with a set of human-written abstractive summaries  .
1	Johnson   compared two Bayesian inference algorithms, Variational Bayes and what we call here a point-wise collapsed Gibbs sampler, and found that Variational Bayes produced the best solution, and that the Gibbs sampler was extremely slow to converge and produced a worse solution than EM.
1	After that, we used three types of methods for performing a symmetrization of IBM models: intersection, union, and refined methods  .
1	Volume 17, Number 1 March 1991 References Lakoff, George and Johnson, Mark Metaphors We Live 8y University of Chicago Press 1980 MADCOW Committee   Multi-Site Data Collection for a Spoken Language Corpus in Proceedings Speech and Natural Language Workshop February 1992 Grice, H. P. Logic and Conversation in P. Cole and J. L. Morgan, Speech Acts, New York: Academic Press, 1975 Pustejovsky, James The Generative Lexicon Computational Linguistics Volume 17, Number 4 December 1991 Hobbs, Jerry R. and Stickel, Mark Interpretation as Abduction in Proceedings of the 26th ACL June 1988 Bobrow, R. , Ingria, R. and Stallard, D. The Mapping Unit Approach to Subcategorization in Proceedings Speech and Natural Language Workshop February 1991 Hobbs, Jerry R. , and Martin, Paul Local Pragmatics in Proceedings, 10th International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence  .
1	Rulesize and lexicalization affect parsing complexity whether the grammar is binarized explicitly   or implicitly binarized using Early-style intermediate symbols  .
1	The second one needs no labeled data for the new domain  .
1	Sang used the IOB tagging method proposed by Ramshow  and memory-based learning for each level of chunking and achieved an f-score of 80.49 on the Penn Treebank corpus.
0	We evaluated our document model using an established dataset for semantic document similarity    ) and show that our approach outperforms baselines relying on traditional, i.
1	The phrases in the translations were located using standard phrase extraction techniques  .
2	mith and Smith   describe a more efficient algorithm that can compute all edge expectations in O  time using the inverse of the Kirchoff matrix K1
1	Thus, our generative model is a quasi-synchronous grammar, exactly as in  .3 When training on target sentences w, therefore, we tune the model parameters to maximize notsummationtextt p  as in ordinary EM, but rather 3Our task here is new; they used it for alignment.
1	For instance, for Maximum Entropy, I picked   for the basic theory,   for an application  , and   for more advanced topics such as optimization and smoothing.
1	Agglomerative clustering  ) can produce hierarchical word categories from an unannotated corpus.
1	As a model learning method, we adopt the maximum entropy model learning method  .
1	The release has implementations for BLEU  , WER and PER error criteria and it has decoding interfaces for Phramer and Pharaoh.
1	Model Overall Unknown Word Accuracy Accuracy Baseline, 96.72% 84.5% J Ratnaparkhi 96.63% 85.56%   Table 3 Baseline model performance This table also shows the results reported in Ratnaparkhi  for COnvenience.
2	Corpus-based or example-based MT   and statistical MT   systems provide the easiest customizability, since users have only to supply a collection of source and target sentence pairs  .
1	While movie reviews have been the most studied domain, sentiment analysis has extended to a number of new domains, ranging from stock message boards to congressional floor debates  .
1	We use as our English corpus the Wall Street Journal   portion of the Penn Treebank  .
1	The Dublin Core Metadata Initiative3 established a de facto standard for the Semantic Web.4 For   linguistics proper, syntactic annotation schemes, such as the one from the Penn Treebank  , or semantic annotations, such as the one underlying ACE  , are increasingly being used in a quasi standard way.
1	They can be roughly divided into three categories: string-to-tree models  ), tree-to-string models  ), and tree-totree models  ).
1	t is known that ITGs do not induce the class of inside-out alignments discussed in Wu  
1	More recently, the problem has been tackled using statistics-based   and learning-based   methods.
1	Weischedel's group   examines unknown words in the context of part-of-speech tagging.
1	Hindle   reports interesting results of this kind based on literal collocations, where he parses the corpus   into predicate-argument structures and applies a mutual information measure   to weigh the association between the predicate and each of its arguments.
1	As a unified approach, we augment the SDIG by adding all the possible word pairs   ji fe as a parallel ET pair and using the IBM Model 1   word to word translation probability as the ET translation probability.
1	The majority of this research was done on extending the tree structure   or enriching WN with new relationships  ) rather than improving the quality of existing concept/synset nodes.
1	5.2 Adding lexical information Gildea   shows that removing the lexical dependencies in Model 1 of Collins    decreases labeled precision and recall by only 0.5%.
1	Snow etal   use known hypernym/hyponym pairs to generate training data for a machine-learning system, which then learns many lexico-syntactic patterns.
1	Combining statistical and parsing methods has been done by   and  .
2	Recent work shows that k-best maximum spanning tree   parsing and reranking is also viable  .
2	Minimizing risk has been shown to improve performance for MT  , as well as other language processing tasks  .
1	We implemented these models within an maximum entropy framework  .
2	1 Introduction The rapid and steady progress in corpus-based machine translation   has been supported by large parallel corpora such as the Arabic-English and Chinese-English parallel corpora distributed by the Linguistic Data Consortium and the Europarl corpus  , which consists of 11 European languages.
1	Evaluation We evaluate translation output using three automatic evaluation measures: BLEU  , NIST  , and METEOR  .5 All measures used were the case-sensitive, corpuslevel versions.
1	1 Introduction In the multilingual track of the CoNLL 2007 shared task on dependency parsing, a single parser must be trained to handle data from ten different languages: Arabic  , Basque  , Catalan,  , Chinese  , Czech  , English  , Greek  , Hungarian  , Italian  , and Turkish  .1 Our contribution is a study in multilingual parser optimization using the freely available MaltParser system, which performs 1For more information about the task and the data sets, see Nivre et al.
1	  approached chucking by using Transformation Based Learning .
1	Three K-means algorithms using different distributional similarity or dissimilarity measures: cosine, -skew divergence   4 , and Lins similarity  .
1	where they are expected to be maximally discriminative  .
1	3 Data The data consists of six sections of the Wall Street Journal part of the Penn Treebank  , and follows the setting of past editions of the CoNLL shared task: training set  , development set   and test set  .
1	Unlexicalized methods refine the grammar in a more conservative fashion, splitting each non-terminal or pre-terminal symbol into a much smaller number of subsymbols  .
1	In the years since the appearance of the first papers on using statistical models for bilingual lexicon compilation and machine translation , large amount of human effort and time has been invested in collecting parallel corpora of translated texts.
1	Usually the IBM Model 1, developed in the statistical machine translation field  , is used to construct translation models for retrieval purposes in practice.
1	4 The Dependency Labeler 4.1 Classifier We used a maximum entropy classifier   to assign labels to the unlabeled dependencies produced by the Bayes Point Machine.
1	For example,   paraphrase references to make them closer to the system translation in order to obtain more reliable results when using automatic evaluation metrics like BLEU  .
2	This algorithm is referred to as GHKM   and is widely used in SSMT systems  .
1	  To reduce the inference time, following  , we collapsed the 45 different POS labels contained in the original data.
1	For Hw6, students compared their POS tagging results with the ones reported in  .
1	Among the applications of collocational analysis for lexical acquisition are: the derivation of syntactic disambiguation cues    , sense preference  , acquisition of selectional restrictions  , lexical preference in generation  , word clustering  , etc. In the majority of these papers, even though the   statistical processing reduces the number of accidental associations, very large corpora   are necessary to obtain reliable data on a ""large enough"" number of words.
1	There is evidence that this leads to better performance on some part-of-speech induction metrics  .
1	Our results agree, at least at the level of morphology, with  .
1	3.1 The Likelihood Ratio We adopted a method for collocation discovery based on the likelihood ratio  .
1	This is known as cost-based abduction  .
1	4.2 String-Based Evaluation We evaluate the output of our generation system against the raw strings of Section 23 using the Simple String Accuracy and BLEU   evaluation metrics.
2	The results of the comparison with ROUGE-N  , ROUGE-S    and ROUGE-L   show that our method correlates more closely with human evaluations and is more robust.
1	2 Latent Variable Parsing In latent variable parsing  , we learn rule probabilities on latent annotations that, when marginalized out, maximize the likelihood of the unannotated training trees.
1	For non-local features, we adapt cube pruning from forest rescoring  , since the situation here is analogous to machine translation decoding with integrated language models: we can view the scores of unit nonlocal features as the language model cost, computed on-the-fly when combining sub-constituents.
1	This can be done by smoothing the observed frequencies  , or by class-based methods  .
1	For instance, the to-PP frame is poorly' represented in the syntactically annotated version of the Penn Treebank  .
1	Some work identifies inflammatory texts  ) or classifies reviews as positive or negative  ).
1	To regularize the model we take as the final model the average of all weight vectors posited during training  .
1	We solve this using the local search defined in  .
1	Moreover, for reasons discussed by Wu  , ITGs possess an interesting intrinsic combinatorial property of permitting roughly up to four arguments of any frame to be transposed freely, but not more.
1	To extract semantic information of words such as synonyms and antonyms from corpora, previous research used syntactic structures  , response time to associate synonyms and antonyms in psychological experiments  , or extracting related words automatically from corpora  .
1	Stress is an attribute of syllables, but syllabification is a non-trivial task in itself  .
2	It has shown promise in improving the performance of many tasks such as name tagging  , semantic class extraction  , chunking  , coreference resolution   and text classification  .
1	2.4 Reordering Reordering features take many forms in MT. In phrase-based systems, reordering is accomplished both within phrase pairs   as well as through distance-based distortion models   and lexicalized reordering models  .
1	iscovering orientations of context dependent opinion comparative words is related to identifying domain opinion words  
2	For example, polymer based nanoparticles may be prepared by the well-known solvent evaporation method, in which the droplets of a nanoemulsion are composed of a volatile organic solvent in which the polymer is solubilized  .
2	Recently, word-sense disambiguation   methods have been shown to improve translation quality  .
1	In Englishto-German, this result produces results very comparable to a phrasal SMT system   trained on the same data.
0	In what concerns the evaluation process, although ROUGE   is the most common evaluation metric for the automatic evaluation of summarization, since our approach might introduce in the summary information that it is not present in the original input source, we found that a human evaluation was more adequate to assess the relevance of that additional information.
0	ORPL also outperforms other stateof-the-art solutions such as the Collection Tree Protocol    .
1	Automated evaluation will utilize the standard DUC evaluation metric ROUGE   which representsrecallovervariousn-gramsstatisticsfrom asystem-generatedsummaryagainstasetofhumangenerated peer summaries.5 We compute ROUGE scores with and without stop words removed from peer and proposed summaries.
1	LW was originally used to validate the quality of a phrase translation pair in MT  .
1	However, at the short term, the incorporation of these type of features will force us to either build a new decoder or extend an existing one, or to move to a new MT architecture, for instance, in the fashion of the architectures suggested by Tillmann and Zhang   or Liang et al.
2	One study conducted on elderly patients showed that the combined strategy of visits and telemedicine improved HRQOL and their knowledge about the disease, achieving a high degree of satisfaction with the program.  Similarly, another study showed a high degree of patient satisfaction (96.
1	WSD that use information gathered from raw corpora      .
1	Previous work used all possible pre xes and suf xes ranging in length from 1 to k characters, with k = 4  , and k = 10  .
2	1 Introduction Phrase-based statistical machine translation models   have achieved significant improvements in translation accuracy over the original IBM word-based model.
1	We might find better suited metrics, such as METEOR  , which is oriented towards word selection8.
1	Mutual Informatio n Church and Hanks   discussed the use of the mutual information statistics as a way to identify a variety of interesting linguistic phenomena, ranging from semanti c relations of the doctor/nurse type   to lexico-syntactic co-occurrence preferences between verbs and prepositions  .
1	3 GM Representation of IBM MT Models In this section we present a GM representation for IBM model 3   in fig.
2	The identification of these features has been found to be reliable in previous studies  .
1	5.3 Comparison with SS-CRF-MER When we consider semi-supervised SOL methods, SS-CRF-MER   is the most competitive with HySOL, since both methods are defined based on CRFs.
1	Results are reported using lowercase BLEU  .
1	4 Experiment 4.1 Evaluation Method We evaluated each sentence compression method using word F-measures, bigram F-measures, and BLEU scores  .
0	In this paper we present results on using a recent phrase-based SMT system, PHARAOH  , for NLG.1 Although moderately effec1We also tried IBM Model 4/REWRITE  , a word-based SMT system, but it gave much worse results.
1	3 Hebrew Simple NP Chunks The standard definition of English base-NPs is any noun phrase that does not contain another noun phrase, with possessives treated as a special case, viewing the possessive marker as the first word of a new base-NP  .
1	Dynamic programming is applied to bilingual sentence alignment in most of previous works  .
1	We utilize a maximum entropy   model   to design the basic classifier used in active learning for WSD.
1	4.1 Variational Bayes Beal   and Johnson   describe variational Bayes for hidden Markov model in detail, which can be directly applied to our bilingual model.
0	The Perceptron style for natural language processing problems as initially proposed by   can provide state of the art results on various domains including text chunking, syntactic parsing, etc. The main drawback of the Perceptron style algorithm is that it does not have a mechanism for attaining the maximize margin of the training data.
1	The true segmentation can now be compared with the N-best list in order to train an averaged perceptron algorithm  .
1	We discriminatively trained our parser in an on-line fashion using a variant of the voted perceptron  .
1	8 An alternative formula for G 2 is given in Dunning  , but the two are equivalent.
1	These problems include collocation discovery  , smoothing and estimation   and question answering  .
1	The former is a task of identifying positive and negative sentiments from a text which can be a passage, a sentence, a phrase and even a word  .
1	2.1 The Standard Machine Learning Approach We use maximum entropy   classification   in conjunction with the 33 features described in Ng   to acquire a model, PC, for determining the probability that two mentions, mi and mj, are coreferent.
1	To compute the degree of interaction between two proteins D4 BD and D4 BE, we use the information-theoretic measure of pointwise mutual information  , which is computed based on the following quantities: 1.
2	Many previous studies have shown that the log-likelihood ratio is well suited for this purpose  .
1	The LFG annotation algorithm of   was used to produce the f-structures for development, test and training sets.
1	In addition to sentence fusion, compression algorithms   and methods for expansion of a multiparallel corpus   are other instances of such methods.
1	Denote the global feature vector for segmented sentence y with    Rd, where d is the total number of features in the model; then Score  is computed by the dot product of vector   and a parameter vector   Rd, where i is the weight for the ith feature: Score  =   841 Inputs: training examples   Initialization: set  = 0 Algorithm: for t = 1T, i = 1N calculate zi = argmaxyGEN    if zi negationslash= yi  =  +    Outputs:  Figure 1: the perceptron learning algorithm, adapted from Collins   The perceptron training algorithm is used to determine the weight values .
1	roposals have recently been made for protocols for the collection of human discourse segmentation data   and for how to evaluate the validity of judgments so obtained  
2	Church and Hanks   use mutual information to identify collocations, a method they claim is reasonably effective for words with a frequency of not less than five.
1	Some of the early statistical terminology translation methods are  .
1	This is applied to maximize coverage, which is similar as the final in  .
1	The first stage parser is a best-first PCFG parser trained on sections 2 through 22, and 24 of the Penn WSJ treebank  .
1	Previous studies called the class of algorithms illustrated in Figure 2 cautious or sequential because in each iteration they acquire 1 or a small set of rules  .
1	Also, adding a constituent size/distance effect, as described by Schubert   and as used by some researchers in parsing   and Collins  ) would almost certainly improve parsing.
1	There are other approaches in which the generation grammars are extracted semiautomatically   or automatically  , LFG   and CCG  ).
2	We decided to use the class of maximum entropy models, which are probabilistically sound, can make use of possibly many overlapping features, and can be trained efficiently  .
1	Various approaches to word sense division have been proposed in the literature on WSD, including   sense numbers in every-day dictionaries  ,   automatic or hand-crafted clusters of dictionary senses (Dolan 1994; Bruce and Wiebe 1995; Luk * Department of Computer Science, National Tsing Hua University, Hsinchu 30043, Taiwan, ROC.
1	Thus, we are lead to an 'ontologically promiscuous' semantics  .
1	This is a particularly exciting area in computational linguistics as evidenced by the large number of contributions in these special issues: Biber  , Brent  , Hindle and Rooth  , Pustejovsky et al.
1	It is shown that  -BRCGs induce inside-out alignments   and cross-serial discontinuous translation units  ; both phenomena can be shown to occur frequently in many hand-aligned parallel corpora.
1	As mentioned earlier, both of these methods are based on Collinss averaged-perceptron algorithm for sequence labeling  .
2	A phrase-based translation model is one of the modern approaches which exploits a phrase, a contiguous sequence of words, as a unit of translation  .
1	The POS data set and the CTS data set have previously been used for testing other adaptation methods  , though the setup there is different from ours.
1	Bootstrapping a PMTG from a lower-dimensional PMTG and a word-to-word translation model is similar in spirit to the way that regular grammars can help to estimate CFGs  , and the way that simple translation models can help to bootstrap more sophisticated ones  .
1	3.4 Learning algorithm Maximum entropy   models  , also known as log-linear and exponential learning models, has been adopted in the SC classification task.
2	Previous work for English   has shown that lexicalization leads to a sizable improvement in parsing performance.
1	We provide results using a range of automatic evaluation metrics: BLEU  , Precision and Recall  , and Wordand Sentence Error Rates.
1	As the most concise definition we take the first sentence of each article, following  .
2	In the last months, we routinely used HLLT to treat chemotherapy-induced periodontal inflammations with excellent clinical results  .
2	SEM is a powerful tool that allows for the relative effect of many explanatory factors on a response variable to be determined, even if many of the explanatory factors are correlated  .
1	  propose using a statistical word alignment algorithm as a more robust way of aligning   outputs into a confusion network for system com2Barzilay and Lee   construct lattices over paraphrases using an iterative pairwise multiple sequence alignment   algorithm
1	In some cases, class   n-grams are used instead of word n-grams .
1	In the literature on the kappa statistic, most authors address only category data; some can handle more general data, such as data in interval scales or ratio scales  .
2	Using the IBM translation models IBM-1 to IBM-5  , as well as the Hidden-Markov alignment model  , we can produce alignments of good quality.
1	ollins   falls back to the POS tagging of Ratnaparkhi   for words seen fewer than 5 times in the training corpus
0	However, the achieved accuracy was not better than that of related work   based on CRFs.
0	Hidden Markov models are simple and effective, but unlike discriminative models, such as Maximum Entropy models   and Conditional Random Fields  , they have more difficulty utilizing a rich set of conditionally dependent features.
1	The word alignment is computed using GIZA++2 for the selected 73,597 sentence pairs in the FBIS corpus in both directions and then combined using union and heuristic diagonal growing  .
2	6 Related Work The popular IBM models for statistical machine translation are described in  .
1	urney   later addressed the same problem using 8000 automatically generated patterns
2	The last two methods, AHP and Likert scale, were applied by the first author for the determination of the weights   due to the robustness and simplicity of these two methods.
1	We use the following features for our rules:  sourceand target-conditioned neg-log lexical weights as described in    neg-log relative frequencies: left-handside-conditioned, target-phrase-conditioned, source-phrase-conditioned  Counters: n.o. rule applications, n.o. target words  Flags: IsPurelyLexical  , IsPurelyAbstract  , IsXRule  , IsGlueRule 139  Penalties: rareness penalty exp ; unbalancedness penalty |MeanTargetSourceRatio  n.o. source words n.o. target words| 4 Parsing Our SynCFG rules are equivalent to a probabilistic context-free grammar and decoding is therefore an application of chart parsing.
2	To evaluate the quality of our generated summaries, we choose to use the ROUGE3   evaluation toolkit, that has been found to be highly correlated with human judgments.
0	It is well-known that a single nick   does not efficiently induce gene editing  .
2	Experiments on standard testbed videos demonstrate that our algorithm possesses comparable or superior performance comparing to the state-of-the-art approaches designed for specific applications  .
1	We used the heuristic combination described in   and extracted phrasal translation pairs from this combined alignment as described in  .
1	Some o1' l;his research has treated the sentenees as unstructured word sequences to be aligned; this work has primarily involved the acquisition of bilingual lexical correspondences  , although there has also been a,n attempt to create a full MT system based on such trcat, ment  .
1	In this paper we show how the extraction process can be scaled to the complete Wall Street Journal   section of the Penn-II treebank, with about 1 million words in 50,000 sentences, based on the automatic LFG f-structure annotation algorithm described in  .
1	In natural language processing, recent years have seen ME techniques used for sentence boundary detection, part of speech tagging, parse selection and ambiguity resolution, and stochastic attribute-value grammars, to name just a few applications  .
2	To circumvent these computational limitations, various pruning techniques are usually needed, e.g.,  .
1	In the first approach, heuristic rules are used to find the dependencies   or penalties for label inconsistency are required to handset ad-hoc  .
1	We tune all feature weights automatically   to maximize the BLEU   score on the dev set.
1	ean and Riloff   proposed the use of caseframe networks as a kind of contextual role knoweldge for anaphora resolution
2	We wish to minimize this error function, so we select  accordingly: argmin  summationdisplay a E  ))   Maximizing performance for all of the weights at once is not computationally tractable, but   has described an efficient one-dimensional search for a similar problem.
1	These methods have been used in machine translation  , terminology research and translation aids  , bilingual lexicography  , collocation studies  , word-sense disambiguation   and information retrieval in a multilingual environment  .
1	To 848 make feature ranking computationally tractable in   and   a simplified process proposed: at the feature ranking stage when adding a new feature to the model, all previously computed parameters are kept fixed and, thus, we have to fit only one new constraint imposed by the candidate feature.
1	We compute log-likelihood significance between features and target nouns  ) and keep only the most significant 200 features per target word.
1	To extract such word clusters we used suffix arrays proposed in Yamamoto and Church   and the pointwise mutual information measure, see Church and Hanks  .
1	They are most commonly used for parsing and linguistic analysis  , but are now commonly seen in applications like machine translation   and question answering  .
2	However, Moores Law, the driving force of change in computing since then, has opened the way for recent progress in the field, such as Statistical Machine Translation    .
1	To support distributed computation  , we further split the N-gram data into shards by hash values of the first bigram.
1	Therefore, domain adaptation methods have recently been proposed in several NLP areas, e.g., word sense disambiguation  , statistical parsing  , and lexicalized-grammar parsing  .
1	Alignment performance is measured by the Alignment Error Rate     AER  = 12|B B|/  where B is a set reference word links, and B are the word links generated automatically.
1	They have been employed in word sense disambiguation  , automatic construction of bilingual dictionaries  , and inducing statistical machine translation models  .
1	For the identification and labeling steps, we train a maximum entropy classifier   over sections 02-21 of a version of the CCGbank corpus   that has been augmented by projecting the Propbank semantic annotations  .
1	In marked contrast to annotated training material for partof-speech tagging,   there is no coarse-level set of sense distinctions widely agreed upon  ;   sense annotation has a comparatively high error rate  ; and   no fully automatic method provides high enough quality output to support the ""annotate automatically, correct manually"" methodology used to provide high volume annotation by data providers like the Penn Treebank project  .
1	Class-based methods   cluster words into classes of similar words, so that one can base the estimate of a word pair's probability on the averaged cooccurrence probability of the classes to which the two words belong.
1	Introduction Recently, there has been an increased interest in approaches to automatically learning to recognize shallow linguistic patterns in text \[Ramshaw and Marcus, 1995, Vilain and Day, 1996, Argamon et al. , 1998, Buchholz, 1998, Cardie and Pierce, 1998, Veenstra, 1998, Daelemans et aI.
1	A large database of human judgments might also be useful as an objective function for minimum error rate training   or in other system development tasks.
1	Statistical techniques, both supervised learning from tagged corpora  ,  , and unsupervised learning  ,  , have been investigated.
1	Compared to the Penn Treebank  , the POS tagset of the French Treebank is smaller  : all punctuation marks are represented as the single PONCT tag, there are no separate tags for modal verbs, whwords, and possessives.
1	2004) and Barzilay and Lee   used comparable news articles to obtain sentence level paraphrases
1	First, word frequencies, context word frequencies in surrounding positions   are computed following a statistics-based metrics, the log-likelihood ratio  .
1	.4 Related work and issues for future research Smadja   and van der Eijk   describe term translation methods that use bilingual texts that were aligned at the sentence level
1	For instance, word alignment models are often trained using the GIZA++ toolkit  ; error minimizing training criteria such as the Minimum Error Rate Training   are employed in order to learn feature function weights for log-linear models; and translation candidates are produced using phrase-based decoders   in combination with n-gram language models  .
1	Here, following Smith and Eisner  , we use a weighted, quasi-synchronous dependency grammar. Apart from the obvious difference in application task, there are a few important differences with their model.
1	2.2.1 BLEU Evaluation The BLEU score   was defined to measure overlap between a hypothesized translation and a set of human references.
2	Furthermore, end-to-end systems like speech recognizers   and automatic translators   use increasingly sophisticated discriminative models, which generalize well to new data that is drawn from the same distribution as the training data.
1	TheauthorsapplySO-PMI-IR  to extract and determine the polarity of adjectives.
1	is just the probability of the disjunction of the concepts in C; that is, = Zp  cEC In order to see how p  relates to the input data, note that given a concept c, verb v and argument position r, a noun can be generated according to the distribution p , where p  = 1 nEsyn  Now we have a model for the input data: p  = p p  = p  p  cecn  Note that for c  cn , p  = O. The association norm   have been criticised   because these scores can be greatly over-estimated when frequency counts are low.
1	Previous research in automatic acquisition focuses primarily on the use of statistical techniques, such as bilingual alignment  , or extraction of syntactic constructions from online dictionaries and corpora  .
1	The results were evaluated using the CoNLL shared task evaluation tools 5 . The approaches tested were Error Driven Pruning     and Transformational Based Learning of IOB tagging    .
1	Examples of such contexts are verb-object relations and noun-modifier relations, which were traditionally used in word similarity tasks from non-parallel corpora  .
1	This iterative optimiser, derived from a word disambiguation technique  , finds the nearest local maximum in the lexical cooccurrence network from each concept seed.
1	4 Experiments Our experiments involve data from two treebanks: the Wall Street Journal Penn treebank   and the Chinese treebank  .
1	1 is based on several realvalued feature functions fi . Their computation is based on the so-called IBM Model-1  .
1	Task Description 2.1 Data Representation Ramshaw and Marcus   gave mainly two kinds of base NPs representation  the open/close bracketing and IOB tagging
1	Since there is no well-agreed to definition of what an utterance is, we instead focus on intonational phrases  , which end with an acoustically signaled boundary lone.
1	Using a vector-based topic identification process  , these keywords are used to determine a set of likely values   for that attribute.
1	In this paper, we give an overview of NLPWin, a multi-application natural language analysis and generation system under development at Microsoft Research  , incorporating analysis systems for 7 languages  .
1	5 Parsing experiments 5.1 Data and setup We used the standard partitions of the Wall Street Journal Penn Treebank  ; i.e., sections 2-21 for training, section 22 for development and section 23 for evaluation.
1	Two other groups of authors have independently and simultaneously proposed adaptations of the Matrix-Tree Theorem for structured inference on directed spanning trees  .
1	According to the statistical machine translation formalism  , the translation process is to search for the best sentence bE such that bE = arg max E P  = arg maxE P P  where P  is a translation model characterizing the correspondence between E and J; P , the English language model probability.
1	Some examples of POS taggers that perform reasonably well on monolingual text of each language can be found in  .
1	PairClass generates probability estimates, whereas Turney   uses a cosine measure of similarity.
1	Table 2: Figures about clustering algorithms Algorithm # Sentences/# Clusters S-HAC 6,23 C-HAC 2,17 QT 2,32 EM 4,16 In fact, table 2 shows that most of the clusters have less than 6 sentences which leads to question the results presented by   who only keep the clusters that contain more than 10 sentences.
1	This kind of synchronizer stands in contrast to more ad-hoc approaches  .
0	Therefore, while phrase-based SMT moves from words to phrases as the basic unit of translation, implying effective local reordering within phrases, it suffers when determining phrase reordering, especially when phrases are longer than three words  .
1	ikipedia first sentence  : Kazama and Torisawa   used Wikipedia as an external knowledge to improve Named Entity Recognition
1	Existing automatic evaluation measures such as BLEU   and ROUGE (Lin 2The collections are available.
1	2.6 Tuning procedure The Moses-based systems were tuned using the implementation of minimum error rate training     distributed with the Moses decoder, using the development corpus  .
1	ang and Lee   proposed to eliminate objective sentences before the sentiment classification of documents
1	We compare against several competing systems, the first of which is based on the original IBM Model 4 for machine translation   and the HMM machine translation alignment model   as implemented in the GIZA++ package  .
1	Various methods   have been proposed for synonym acquisition.
1	The third exploits automatic subjectivity analysis in applications such as review classification  ), mining texts for product reviews  ), summarization  ), information extraction  ), 1Note that sentiment, the focus of much recent work in the area, is a type of subjectivity, specifically involving positive or negative opinion, emotion, or evaluation.
1	The Penn Treebank documentation   defines a commonly used set of tags.
1	Based on this theoretical cornerstone, Cahill and van Genabith   presented a PCFG-based chart generator using wide-coverage LFG approximations automatically extracted from the Penn-II treebank.
1	Methods that use bigrams   or trigrams   cluster words considering as a word's context the one or two immediately adjacent words and employ as clustering criteria the minimal loss of average 836 nmtual information and the perplexity improvement respectively.
1	These records are also known as field books and reference sets in literature  .
1	The applications range from simple classification tasks such as text classification and history-based tagging   to more complex structured prediction tasks such as partof-speech   tagging  , syntactic parsing   and semantic role labeling  .
2	ntroduction The Penn Treebank   initiated a new paradigm in corpus-based research
1	Lexical collocation functions, especially those determined statistically, have recently attracted considerable attention in computational linguistics   mainly, though not exclusively, for use in disambiguation.
2	4 Machine Translation Experiments 4.1 Experimental Setting For our MT experiments, we used a reimplementation of Moses  , a state-of-the-art phrase-based system.
1	Most recently, Yarowsky used an unsupervised learning procedure to perform WSD  , although this is only tested on disambiguating words into binary, coarse sense distinction.
1	Related Work 2.1 Translation with Non-parallel Corpora A straightforward approach to word or phrase translation is to perform the task by using parallel bilingual corpora  .
1	Further enhancement of these utilities include compiling collocation statistics   and semi-automatic gloassary construction  .
1	have been used in statistical machine translation  , terminology research and translation aids  , bilingual lexicography  , word-sense disambiguation   and information retrieval in a multilingual environment  .
1	Furthermore, as pointed out in Dolan  , the sense division in an MRD is frequently too fine-grained for the purpose of WSD.
2	Arguably the most widely used is the mutual information  .
1	2 IBM Model 4 In this paper we focus on the translation model defined by IBM Model 4  .
1	There are other approaches to statistical machine translation where translation is achieved through transduction of source language structure to target language structure  .
2	he implementation of MEBA was strongly influenced by the notorious five IBM models described in  
1	Here, under the ITG constraint  , we need to consider just two kinds of reorderings, straight and inverted between two consecutive blocks.
1	Translation performance was measured using the automatic BLEU evaluation metric   on four reference translations
1	Since we also adopt a linear scoring function in Equation  , the feature weights of our combination model can also be tuned on a development data set to optimize the specified evaluation metrics using the standard Minimum Error Rate Training   algorithm  .
1	Where Pantel and Lin use Lins   measure, we use Wu and Palmers   measure.
1	c2009 Association for Computational Linguistics Improving Mid-Range Reordering using Templates of Factors Hieu Hoang School of Informatics University of Edinburgh h.hoang@sms.ed.ac.uk Philipp Koehn School of Informatics University of Edinburgh pkoehn@inf.ed.ac.uk Abstract We extend the factored translation model   to allow translations of longer phrases composed of factors such as POS and morphological tags to act as templates for the selection and reordering of surface phrase translation.
1	2 Related Work Recently, several studies have reported about dialog systems that are capable of classifying emotions in a human-computer dialog  .
1	PMI   between two phrases is de ned as: log2 prob prob   prob  PMI is positive when two phrases tend to co-occur and negative when they tend to be in a complementary distribution.
1	But because we want the insertion state a1a16a20 to model digressions or unseen topics, we take the novel step of forcing its language model to be complementary to those of the other states by setting a2 a3a27a38 a21 a8 a8 a4 a8 a24 a26a11a28a30a29a6 a39a41a40a43a42a45a44a16a46 a1a48a47a1a50a49 a20 a2 a3 a26a17a21 a8a9a8 a4 a8 a24 a51a53a52a55a54a57a56 a21 a39a58a40a43a42a45a44a16a46 a1a59a47a1a50a49 a20 a2 a3a27a26a11a21a50a60 a4 a8 a24a30a24 a17 4Following Barzilay and Lee  , proper names, numbers and dates are   replaced with generic tokens to help ensure that clusters contain sentences describing the same event type, rather than same actual event.
1	The order of constituents, for instance, can be used to inform prototype-driven learning strategies  , which can then be applied to raw corpora.
1	6.1.2 ROUGE evaluation Table 4 presents ROUGE scores   of each of human-generated 250-word surveys against each other.
2	The precision of the extracted information can be improved significantly by using machine learning methods to filter out noise  .
1	We then tagged the search queries using a maximum entropy part-of-speech tagger  .
1	Identifying subjectivity helps separate opinions from fact, which may be useful in question answering, summarization, etc. Semantic orientation classification is a task of determining positive or negative sentiment of words  .
1	The corpus lines retained are part-of-speech tagged  .
1	Although to a lesser extent, measures of word relatedness have also been applied on other languages, including German  , Chinese  , Dutch   and others.
1	1.2 Statistical modeling for translation Earlier work in statistical machine translation   is based on the noisy-channel formulation where T = arg max T p  = argmax T p p    where the target language model p  is further decomposed as p  / productdisplay i p  where k is the order of the language model and the translation model p  has been modeled by a sequence of five models with increasing complexity  .
1	As association measure we apply log-likelihood ratio   to normalized frequency.
1	Consider the lexical model pw , defined following Koehn et al  , with a denoting the most frequent word alignment observed for the rule in the training set.
1	3 Automatic Evaluation of MT Quality We utilize BLEU   for the automatic evaluation of MT quality in this paper.
1	aghighi and Klein   ask the user to suggest a few prototypes   for each class and use those as features
1	We calculated the translation quality using Bleus modified n-gram precision metric   for n-grams of up to length four.
1	The alignment of sentences can be done sufficiently well using cues such as sentence length   or cognates  .
1	Barzilay and Lee   learned paraphrasing patterns as pairs of word lattices, which are then used to produce sentence level paraphrases.
1	Dependency Analyzer PP-Attachment Resolver Root-Node Finder Base NP Chunker   = SVM, = Preference Learning Figure 2: Module layers in the system That is, we use Penn Treebanks Wall Street Journal data  .
1	We follow the method used by Kazama and Torisawa  , which encodes the matching with a gazetteer entity using IOB tags, with the modication for Japanese.
1	Part-of-speech tags are assigned by the MXPOST maximum-entropy based part-of-speech tagger  .
1	The MBT   180 Tagger Type Standard Trigram   MBT   Rule-based   Maximum-Entropy   Full Second-Order HMM SNOW   Voting Constraints   Full Second-Order HMM Known Unknown Overall Open/Closed Lexicon?
2	  presented randomized language model based on perfect hashing combined with entropy pruning to achieve further memory reductions.
1	3 Experiments We built baseline systems using GIZA++  , Moses phrase extraction with grow-diag-finalend heuristic  , a standard phrasebased decoder  , the SRI LM toolkit  , the suffix-array language model  , a distance-based word reordering model Algorithm 5 Rich Interruption Constraints   Input: Source tree T, previous phrase fh, current phrase fh+1, coverage vector HC 1: Interruption  False 2: ICount,VerbCount,NounCount  0 3: F  the left and right-most tokens of fh 4: for each of f  F do 5: Climb the dependency tree from f until you reach the highest node n such that fh+1 / T .
1	We briefly describe the tagger   for more details), a Hidden Markov Model trained with the perceptron algorithm introduced in  .
1	PMI++ is an extended version of  s method for finding the SO label of a phrase  .
1	The Baseline Maximum Entropy Model We started with a maximum entropy based tagger that uses features very similar to the ones proposed in Ratnaparkhi  
1	Although the above statement was made about translation problems faced by human translators, recent research   suggests that it also applies to problems in machine translation.
1	4 Analysis of Experimental Data Most of the existing research in computational linguistics that uses human annotators is within the framework of classification, where an annotator decides, for every test item, on an appropriate tag out of the pre-specified set of tags  .
1	 , and Magerman   can suffer from very similar problems to the label bias or observation bias problem observed in tagging models, as described in Lafferty, McCallum, and Pereira   and Klein and Manning  .
1	The probability distributions of these binary classifiers are learnt using maximum entropy model  .
1	3 Method 3.1 Standard text classication approach We take our starting point from topic-based text classication   and sentiment classication  .
1	Following Ramshaw and Marcus  , the input to the NP chunker consists of the words in a sentence annotated automatically with part-of-speech   tags.
1	Setting the gradient to zero yields the usual maximum entropy constraints  , except that in this case the empirical values are themselves expectations  .
1	Each token is labelled with a class using the IOB type of segmentation coding as introduced by Ramshaw and Marcus  , marking whether the middle word is inside  , outside  , or at the beginning   of a chunk, or named entity.
1	We used treebank grammars induced directly from the local trees of the entire WSJ section of the Penn Treebank    .
1	5.2 Experimental Results Following   and other work on general-purpose generators, BLEU score  , average NIST simple string accuracy   and percentage of exactly matched sentences are adopted as evaluation metrics.
1	An alternative to tercom, considered in this paper, is to use the Inversion Transduction Grammar   formalism   which allows one to view the problem of alignment as a problem of bilingual parsing.
1	BLEU   is one of the methods for automatic evaluation of translation quality.
1	key component of the parsing system is a Maximum Entropy CCG supertagger   which assigns lexical categories to words in a sentence
1	There is potential of developing Sense Definition Model to identify and represent semantic and stylistic differentiation reflected in the MRD glosses pointed out in DiMarco, Hirst and Stede  .
1	The approach is based on the hypothesis that positive words co-occur more than expected by chance, and so do negative words; this hypothesis was validated, at least for strong positive/negative words, in  .
1	Many methods exist for clustering, e.g.,  .
1	Supervised methods include hidden Markov model  , maximum entropy, conditional random fields  , and support vector machines    .
1	4 Experiments We evaluated the ISBN parser on all the languages considered in the shared task  .
1	Related work includes Wu  , Zens and Ney   and Wellington et al.
1	For process  , machine-learning methods are usually used to classify subjective descriptions into bipolar categories   or multipoint scale categories  .
1	While we do not have a direct comparison, we note that Turney   performs worse on movie reviews than on his other datasets, the same type of data as the polarity dataset.
2	optimization approaches which aim at selecting those examples that optimize some   objective function, such as prediction variance  , and heuristic methods with uncertainty sampling   and query-by-committee     just to name the most prominent ones.
1	Following Church and Hanks  , they use mutual information to select significant two-word patterns, but, at the same time, a lexical inductive process is incorporated which, as they claim, can improve the collection of domain-specific terms.
1	Our approach differs from the corpus-based surface generation approaches of   and  .
1	1 Introduction Recent research on statistical machine translation   has lead to the development of phrasebased systems  .
1	234 ADV Non-specific adverbial BNF Benefemtive CLF It-cleft CLR 'Closely related' DIR Direction DTV Dative EXT Extent HLN Headline LGS Logical subject L0C Location MNI~ Manner N0M Nominal PRD Predicate PRP Purpose PUT Locative complement of 'put' SBJ Subject TMP Temporal TPC Topic TTL Title V0C Vocative Grammatical DTV 0.48% LGS 3.0% PRD 18.% PUT 0.26% SBJ 78.% v0c 0.025% Figure 1: Penn treebank function tags 53.% Form/Function 37.% Topicalisation 2.2% 0.25% NOM 6.8% 2.5% TPC 100% 2.2% 1.5% ADV 11.% 4.2% 9.3% BN'F 0.072% 0.026% 0.13% DIR 8.3% 3.0% 41.% EXT 3.2% 1.2% 0.013% LOC 25.% 9.2% MNR 6.2% 2.3% PI~ 5.2% 1.9% 33.% 12.% Miscellaneous 9.5% CLR 94.% 8.8% CLF 0.34% 0.03% HLN 2.6% 0.25% TTL 3.1% 0.29% Figure 2: Categories of function tags and their relative frequencies one project that used them at all:   defines certain constituents as complements based on a combination of label and function tag information.
2	In statistical machine translation, IBM 1~5 models   based on the source-chmmel model have been widely used and revised for many language donmins and applications.
1	Examples of this are bilexical grammars--such as Eisner and Satta  , Charniak  , Collins  --where the lexical heads of each constituent are annotated on both the rightand left-hand sides of the context-free rules, under the constraint that every constituent inherits the lexical head from exactly one of its children, and the lexical head of a POS is its terminal item.
0	Reranking approaches   have been successfully applied to many NLP applications, including parsing, named entity recognition, sentence boundary detection, etc. To the best of our knowledge, reranking approaches have not been used for POS tagging, possibly due to the already high levels of accuracy for English, which leave little room for further improvement.
1	The approach is evaluated by cross-validation on the WSJ treebank corpus.
2	In order to overcome this, some unsupervised learning methods and minimally-supervised methods, e.g.,  , have been proposed.
1	Many of the previous studies of Bio-NER tasks have been based on machine learning techniques including Hidden Markov Models    , the dictionary HMM model   and Maximum Entropy Markov Models    .
1	Clustering can be done statistically by analyzing text corpora   and usually results in a set of words or word senses.
1	In statistical computational linguistics, maximum conditional likelihood estimators have mostly been used with general exponential or maximum entropy models because standard maximum likelihood estimation is usually computationally intractable  .
1	This alignment system is powered by the IBM translation models  , in which one sentence generates the other.
1	The weights of feature functions are optimized to maximize the scoring measure  .
1	FollowingtheworkofKooetal. andSmith and Smith  , it is possible to compute all expectations in O  through matrix inversion.
1	It is worth noting, however, that even in Turney   the choice of seed words is explicitly motivated by domain properties of movie reviews.
2	The availability of the TER software has made it easy to build a high performance system combination baseline  .
1	Specifically, Kim and Hovy   identify which political candidate is predicted to win by an opinion posted on a message board and aggregate opinions to correctly predict an election result.
1	ntroduction Automatic word alignment   is a vital component of all statistical machine translation   approaches
1	In summary, the strength of our approach is to exploit extremely precise structural clues, and to use 5 Semantic Orientation in  .
1	Haghighi and Klein   do the reverse: for each class label y, they ask the annotators to propose a few prototypical featuresf such thatp  is as high as possible.
1	This is also true for reranking and discriminative training, where the k-best list of candidates serves as an approximation of the full set  .
2	The general conclusions have been that a bead beating step is needed, and the FastDNA spin kit for soil has been recommended due to general high yield and purity  .
1	In the general language UPenn annotation efforts for the WSJ sections of the Penn Treebank  , sentences are annotated with POS tags, parse trees, as well as discourse annotation from the Penn Discourse Treebank  , while verbs and verb arguments are annotated with Propbank rolesets  .
1	Please note that our approach is very different from other approaches to context dependent rule selection such as   and  .
1	In this paper, a new part-of-speech tagging method hased on neural networks   is presented and its performance is compared to that of a llMM-tagger   and a trigrambased tagger  .
1	This is in line with earlier work on consistent estimation for similar models  , and agrees with the most up-to-date work that employs Bayesian priors over the estimates  .
2	1 Introduction Raw parallel data need to be preprocessed in the modern phrase-based SMT before they are aligned by alignment algorithms, one of which is the wellknown tool, GIZA++  , for training IBM models  .
1	This approach gave an improvement of 2.7 in BLEU   score on the IWSLT05 Japanese to English evaluation corpus  .
1	The accuracy of the generator outputs was evaluated by the BLEU score  , which is commonly used for the evaluation of machine translation and recently used for the evaluation of generation  .
1	7 For a more detailed discussion, see Berger, Della Pietra, and Della Pietra   and Ratnaparkhi  .
1	1 A cept is defined as the set of target words connected to a source word  .
1	2.1 Training the model As with  , we train the language model on the Penn Treebank  .
0	We use maximum marginal decoding, which Johnson   reports performs better than Viterbi decoding.
1	This approach was subsequently extended to other languages including German  , Chinese  ,  , Spanish  ,   and French  .
1	The generator used in our experiments is an instance of the second type, using a probability model defined over Lexical Functional Grammar c-structure and f-structure annotations  .
1	Examples of this work include a system by Liu et al  , and experiments by Hindle and Rooth  , and Resnik and Hearst  .2 These efforts had mixed success, suggesting that while multi-level preference scores are problematic, integrating some corpus data does not solve the problems.
2	Stochastic models   have been widely used in POS tagging for simplicity and language independence of the models.
1	In our decoder, we incorporate two pruning techniques described by  .
1	Other recent work has incorporated constituent and dependency subtrees into the translation rules used by phrase-based systems  .
1	SD that use information gathered from raw corpora      
1	1 Introduction A number of wide-coverage TAG, CCG, LFG and HPSG grammars   have been extracted from the Penn Treebank  , and have enabled the creation of widecoverage parsers for English which recover local and non-local dependencies that approximate the underlying predicate-argument structure  .
1	4.2 Models with Prior Distributions Minimum discrimination information models   are exponential models with a prior distribution q : p  = q exp ) Z    The central issue in performance prediction for MDI models is whether q  needs to be accounted for.
2	ch   has described an efficient exact onedimensional accuracy maximization technique for a similar search problem in machine translation
1	They are based on the sourcechannel approach to statistical machine translation  .
1	.1 NP Our NP chunks are very similar to the ones of Ramshaw and Marcus  
1	The model can be seen as a bootstrapping learning process tbr disambiguation, where the information gained from one part   is used to improve tile other   and vice versa, reminiscent of the work by Riloff and Jones   and Yarowsky  .
2	For instance, on unsupervised part-ofspeech tagging, EM requires over 100 iterations to reach its peak performance on the Wall-Street Journal  .
2	Note that in their pioneering paper Calvet and Fisher   proposed the simplified version of the construction of Mannersalo et al  .
1	They developed a simple heuristic function for Model 2 from   which was non admissible.
1	Also relevant is previous work that applied machine learning approaches to MT evaluation, both with human references   and without  .
2	The fluency models hold promise for actual improvements in machine translation output quality  .
1	A la Ramshaw and Marcus  , they represent the words as a sequence of labeled words with IOB annotations, where the B marks a word at the beginning of a chunk, I marks a word inside a chunk, and O marks those words   that are outside chunks.
1	In this paper, we adopt Stanford Maximum Entropy   implementation in our experiments.
1	The feature weights are tuned by the modified Koehns MER   trainer.
2	We report on ROUGE-1  , ROUGE-2  , ROUGE W-1.2  , and ROUGE-S*   as they have been shown to correlate well with human judgments for longer multidocument summaries  .
1	 ) and view the POS tags and word identities as two separate sources of information.
1	This is an instance of the ITG alignment algorithm  .
1	1 Introduction Over the past five years progress in machine translation, and to a lesser extent progress in natural language generation tasks such as summarization, has been driven by optimizing against n-grambased evaluation metrics such as Bleu  .
1	MET   was carried out using a development set, and the BLEU score evaluated on two test sets.
2	He has achieved state-of-the art results by applying M.E. to parsing  , part-of-speech tagging  , and sentence-boundary detection  .
1	The first constraints are based on inversion transduction grammars    .
1	So we will engineer more such features, especially with lexicalization and soft alignments  , and study the impact of alignment quality on parsing improvement.
1	For this experiment, we used sections 02 21 of the Penn Treebank     as the training data and section 23   for evaluation, as is now standard.
1	A common choice for the local probabilistic classifier is maximum entropy classifiers  .
1	production rules are typically learned from alignment structures   or from alignment structures and derivation trees for the source string  .
1	We used four different system summaries for each of the 6 meetings: one based on the MMR method in MEAD  , the other three are the system output from  .
1	Early experiments with syntactically-informed phrases  , and syntactic reranking of K-best lists   produced mostly negative results.
1	A different approach in evaluating nonparametric Bayesian models for NLP is statesplitting  .
1	6 Experiments 6.1 Data preparation Our experiments were conducted with data made available through the Penn Treebank annotation effort  .
1	We present a new implication of Wus   Inversion Transduction Grammar   Hypothesis, on the problem of retrieving truly parallel sentence translations from large collections of highly non-parallel documents.
1	We say that wv and nq are semantically related if w~i and nq are semantically related and   and   are semantically similar  .
1	are the labeled parsing recall and precision, respectively, as defined in    ).
0	Three additional yeast recombinases have been described; we did not try TD1  , and our initial attempts to use SM   and KW   were unsuccessful.
1	In Table 10, Baseline gives the results of the generation algorithm of  .
1	Typical examples of linguistically sophisticated annotation include tagging words with their syntactic category  , lemma of the word  , phrasal information  ), and subject-predicate identification  .
1	A number of alignment techniques have been proposed, varying from statistical methods   to lexical methods  .
1	Note that the translation direction is inverted from what would be normally expected; correspondingly the models built around this equation are often called invertedtranslationmodels  .
2	Selection of mRNA target sites and siRNA sequences that are free from stable secondary self-structures helps produce better results in siRNA design  .
1	Recent research in open information extraction   has shown that we can extract large amounts of relational data from open-domain text with high accuracy.
1	The reordered sentence is then re-tokenized to be consistent with the baseline system, which uses a different tokenization scheme that is more friendly to the MT system.3 We use BLEU scores as the performance measure in our evaluation  .
1	The part of speech tags for the development and test data were automatically assigned by MXPOST  , where the tagger was trained on the entire training corpus; to generate part of speech tags for the training data, we used 10-way jackknifing.8 English word clusters were derived from the BLLIP corpus  , which contains roughly 43 million words of Wall Street Journal text.9 The Czech experiments were performed on the Prague Dependency Treebank 1.0  , which is directly annotated with dependency structures.
2	1 Introduction Recently linguistically-motivated syntax-based translation method has achieved great success in statistical machine translation    .
1	3 Implementation 3.1 Pronoun resolution model We built a machine learning based pronoun resolution engine using a Maximum Entropy ranker model  , similar with Denis and Baldridges model  .
1	arowsky has proposed an algorithm that requires as little user input as one seed word per sense to start the training process  
1	  1995 Association for Computational Linguistics Computational Linguistics Volume 21, Number 2 and Mancini 1991; Meteer, Schwartz, and Weischedel 1991; Merialdo 1991; Pelillo, Moro, and Refice 1992; Weischedel et al. 1993; Wothke et al. 1993).
1	GIZA++ consists of a set of statistical translation models of different complexity, namely the IBM ones  .
2	4 Data and Evaluation For the CoNLL shared task, we have chosen to work with the same sections of the Penn Treebank as the widely used data set for base noun phrase recognition  : WSJ sections 15-18 of the Penn Treebank as training material and section 20 as test material 3.
1	Each i is a weight associated with feature i, and these weights are typically optimized using minimum error rate training  .
1	The statistical significance often evaluate whether two words are independant using hypothesis tests such as t-score  , the X2, the log-likelihood   and Fishers exact test  .
1	We have used a state-of-the-art Chinese handwriting recognizer   developed by ATC, CCL, ITRI, Taiwan as the basis of our experiments.
0	Compared with works  , which we consider the closest to our approach, the running times show that our approach is significantly faster.
2	By taking a qualitative approach to this part of the study and targeting registered nurses with appropriate experiences the study’s credibility was strengthened  .
2	Some methods which can offer powerful reordering policies have been proposed like syntax based machine translation   and Inversion Transduction Grammar  .
2	Target language model probability   According to a previous study, the minimum error rate training    , which is the optimization of feature weights by maximizing the BLEU score on the development set, can improve the performance of a system.
2	SIFT, RANSAC and Homography are well known algorithms and interested readers can refer to  .
1	This metric tests the hypothesis that the probability of phrase  is the same whether phrase  has been seen or not by calculating the likelihood of the observed data under a binomial distribution using probabilities derived using each hypothesis  .
1	he algorithm employs the OpenNLP MaxEnt implementation of the maximum entropy classification algorithm   to develop word sense recognition signatures for each lemma which predicts the most likely sense for the lemma according to the context in which the lemma occurs
1	Pearsons correlation coefficient is a standard measure of the correlation strength between two distributions; it can be calculated as follows:  = E  E E radicalbigE    2   where X =   and Y =   are vectors of numerical scores for each paraphrase provided by the humans and the competing systems, respectively, n is the number of paraphrases to score, and E  is the expectation of X. Cosine correlation coefficient is another popular alternative and was used by Nakov and Hearst  ; it can be seen as an uncentered version of Pearsons correlation coefficient:  = X.YbardblXbardblbardblYbardbl   Spearmans rank correlation coefficient is suitable for comparing rankings of sets of items; it is a special case of Pearsons correlation, derived by considering rank indices   as item scores . It is defined as follows:  = n summationtextx iyi    radicalBig nsummationtextx2i   2 radicalBig nsummationtexty2i   2   One problem with using Spearmans rank coefficient for the current task is the assumption that swapping any two ranks has the same effect.
2	It has also produced promising results in language translation  .
1	  describe the voted perceptron applied to the named-entity data in this paper, but using kernel-based features rather than the explicit features described in this paper.
1	One of our goals was to use for this study only information that could be annotated reliably  , as we believe this will make our results easier to replicate.
1	We use a hand-written competence grammar, combined with performance-driven disambiguation obtained from the Penn Treebank  .
1	In recent years, sentiment classification has drawn much attention in the NLP field and it has many useful applications, such as opinion mining and summarization  .
1	Neural networks have been used in NLP in the past, e.g. for machine translation   and constituent parsing  .
1	A structured perceptron   learns weights for our transliteration features, which are drawn from two broad classes: indicator and hybrid generative features.
2	Now with the availability of large-scale corpus, automatic acquisition of word compositions, especially word collocations from them have been extensively studied .
1	The current version of the dataset gives semantic tags for the same sentencesas inthe PennTreebank  , whichareexcerptsfromtheWallStreetJournal.
0	WSD systems have been far more successful in distinguishing coarsegrained senses than fine-grained ones  , but does that approach neglect necessary meaning differences?
1	A key example is that of class-based language models   where clustering approaches are used in order to partition words, determined to be similar, into sets.
1	For the MER training  , we modified Koehns MER trainer   for our tree sequence-based system.
1	The model we use is similar to that of  .
1	6.1.1 Nugget-Based Pyramid Evaluation For our first approach we used a nugget-based evaluation methodology  .
1	Minimum error rate training   with respect to BLEU score was used to tune the decoders parameters, and performed using the technique proposed in  .
1	Syntax-based MT approaches began with Wu  , who introduced the Inversion Transduction Grammars.
1	First, a non-anaphoric NP classifier identifies definite noun phrases that are existential, using both syntactic rules and our learned existential NP recognizer  , and removes them from the resolution process.
1	For example, Weeds     took verbs as contexts for nouns in object position: so they regarded two nouns to be similar to the extent that they occur as direct objects of the same set of verbs.
2	Match kernels defined over various pixel attributes provide a unified way to generate a rich, diverse visual feature set, which has been shown to be very successful to boost recognition accuracy  .
0	Thus, a role for glutamate and excitotoxicity in the direct mechanisms of ALS is appearing tenuous  , and the concept has so far failed to bear effective therapeutic fruit after more than 20 years  .
1	The measures are: word overlap, length difference  , BLEU  , dependency relation overlap  , and dependency tree edit distance.
0	Although lots of works have reported that these features could be used to obtain accurate results in human detection, they encountered many difficulties in perceiving the shapes of human objects with articulated poses and cluttered background  .
1	Others proposed distributional similarity measures between words  .
1	It has been noticed, for example that capitalized and hyphenated words have a different distribution from other words.
2	7.1 Interand Intra-annotator agreement We measured pairwise agreement among annotators usingthekappacoefficient whichiswidelyused in computational linguistics for measuring agreement in category judgments  .
1	The learning methods using in discriminative parsing are Perceptron   and online large-margin learning    .
1	Many statistical translation models   try to model word-toword correspondences between source and target words.
1	2 This problem is also a central concern in the work by Bean and Riloff  
1	Recently, specic probabilistic tree-based models have been proposed not only for machine translation  , but also for summarization  , paraphrasing  , natural language generation  , parsing, and language modeling (Baker 1979; Lari and Young 1990; Collins 1997; Chelba and Jelinek 2000; Charniak 2001; Klein  Information Sciences Institute, 4676 Admiralty Way, Marina del Rey, CA 90292.
2	Current state of the art machine translation systems   use phrasal   features extracted automatically from parallel corpora.
1	Feature function scaling factors m are optimized based on a maximum likely approach   or on a direct error minimization approach  .
2	Among several endogenous lipophilic molecules known to activate CBRs, the best characterized are N-arachidonoylethanolamine   and 2-arachidonoylglycerol  , which are known to modulate synaptic transmission throughout the brain  .
1	Other recent work has applied M.E. to language modeling  , machine translation  , and reference resolution  .
2	Hou et al.   report the state-of-the-art performance for fine-grained IS classification on ISNotes using collective classification. They explore a wide range of features  , including a large number of lexico-semantic features as well as a couple of surface features and syntactic features. Hou et al.   observe that bridging anaphors are rarely marked by surface features.
1	These fourteen scores are weighted and linearly combined  ; their respective weights are learned on development data so as to maximize the BLEU score.
1	In  , a small set of sample results are presented.
1	Given an input sentence x, the correct output segmentation F  satisfies: F  = argmax yGEN  Score  where GEN  denotes the set of possible segmentations for an input sentence x, consistent with notation from Collins  .
2	‚Ä¶automatically generates layout information encoding node and reaction centroid coordinates using the FruchtermanReingold   algorithm, which has been shown to be robust in the face of variegated graph topologies and faithfully reproduces the underlying symmetry  .
1	This corpus contains annotations of semantic PASs superimposed on the Penn Treebank    .
1	This task is quite common in corpus linguistics and provides the starting point to many other algorithms, e.g., for computing statistics such as pointwise mutual information  , for unsupervised sense clustering  , and more generally, a large body of work in lexical semantics based on distributional profiles, dating back to Firth   and Harris  .
1	In   cooccurrence analyses augmented with syntactic parsing is used for the purpose of word classification.
1	A contrasting approach   relies only upon documents whose labels are unknown.
2	Dermoscopy is cost-effective and its use increases the diagnostic accuracy by 5-30% over visual inspection  .
1	After maximum BLEU tuning   on a held-out tuning set, we evaluate translation quality on a held-out test set.
1	We optimized separately for both the NIST   and the BLEU metrics  .
1	The other recipe that is currently used on a large scale is to measure the performance of a parser on existing treebanks, such as WSJ  , and assume that the accuracy measure will carry over to the domains of interest.
1	For extracting simple noun phrases we first used Ramshaw and Marcuss base NP chunker  .
1	A possible solution to this problem is to directly estimate p  by applying a maximum entropy model  .
2	The most frequently used resource for synonym extraction is large monolingual corpora  .
1	Alignment, whether for training a translation model using EM or for nding the Viterbi alignment of test data, is O   , while translation   is O  using a bigram language model, and O  with trigrams.
1	However, feature/class functions are traditionally deflned as binary  ; hence, explicitly incorporating frequencies would require difierent functions for each count  , making training impractical.
1	Next we use the conclusions from two psycholinguistic experiments on ranking the Cf-list, the salience of discourse entities in prepended phrases   and the ordering of possessor and possessed in complex NPs  , to try to improve the performance of LRC.
2	In particular, the use of SVMs in   initially sparked interest in using machine learning methods for sentiment classi cation.
1	To simulate real world scenario, we use n-best lists from ISIs state-of-the-art statistical machine translation system, AlTemp  , and the 2002 NIST Chinese-English evaluation corpus as the test corpus.
2	Competitors We compared the proposed SLST model with five state-of-the-art alternative detection approaches:   Faster R-CNN   method, exactly the same as our SLST model.
1	4.1 Experimental Setup We use the whole Penn Treebank corpus   as our data set.
2	NJ 08903 U.S.A. suzanne~ruccs, rutgers, edu Empirically-induced models that learn a linguistically meaningflll grammar   seem to give tile best practical results in statistical natural language processing.
1	We refer to a3a16a5a7 as the source language string and a10 a11a7 as the target language string in accordance with the noisy channel terminology used in the IBM models of  .
1	McArthur 1992; Mei et al. 1993) Classification allows a word to align with a target word using the collective translation tendency of words in the same class
1	For instance, automatic summary can be seen as a particular paraphrasing task   with the aim of selecting the shortest paraphrase.
1	Such measures as mutual information  , latent semantic analysis  , log-likelihood ratio   have been proposed to evaluate word semantic similarity based on the co-occurrence information on a large corpus.
1	In our experiments these were obtained automatically using MXPOST   and BBNs Identifinder  .
1	4 SMT-Based Query Expansion Our SMT-based query expansion techniques are based on a recent implementation of the phrasebased SMT framework  .
1	Candidate translations are scored by a linear combination of models, weighted according to Minimum Error Rate Training or MERT  .
0	Although the time-constants of the learning window used in this study were much shorter than those reported for hippocampal neurons by Bi and Poo   (viz.
1	ote that the algorithm from Collins   was designed for discriminatively training an HMM-style tagger
1	A number of works in product review mining   automatically find features of the reviewed products.
2	Some recent work on incremental parsing   showed another way to handle this problem.
2	Compared with typical antipsychotics, second-generation atypical antipsychotics have more acceptable side effect profiles and possibly broader symptom efficacy, especially concerning negative symptoms, thus advancing the treatment of schizophrenic patients  .
2	We achieve competitive performance in comparison to alternate model families, in particular generative models such as MRFs trained with EM   and HMMs trained with soft constraints  .
1	Recentworkconsidersadamagedtagdictionary by assuming that tags are known only for words that occur more than once or twice  .
1	Expectation Maximization does surprisingly well on larger data sets and is competitive with the Bayesian estimators at least in terms of cross-validation accuracy, confirming the results reported by Johnson  .
1	everal sentiment information retrieval models were proposed in the framework of probabilistic language models by Eguchi and Lavrenko  
1	We can find some other machine-learning approaches that use more sophisticated LMs, such as Decision Trees   , memory-based approaclms to learn special decision trees  , maximmn entropy approaches that combine statistical information from different sources  , finite state autonmt2 inferred using Grammatical Inference  , etc. The comparison among different al)t)roaches is dif ficult due to the nmltiple factors that can be eonsid614 ered: tile languagK, tile mmfl)er and tyt)e of the tags, the size of tilt vocabulary, thK ambiguity, the diiticulty of the test ski, Kte.
1	This is similar to  s and Charniak97s definition of a separate category for auxiliary verbs.
1	In practice, we used MMR in our experiments, since the original MEAD considers also sentence positions 3 , which can always been added later as in  .
1	.1 Reader Judgments There is a growing concern surrounding issues of intercoder reliability when using human judgments to evaluate discourse-processing algorithms  
2	We have used the sheep ovary model, since this is the most widely used animal model of whole ovary cryopreservation and is of comparable size to the human ovary  .
2	Recent work   has demonstrated that randomized encodings can be used to represent n-gram counts for LMs with signficant space-savings, circumventing information-theoretic constraints on lossless data structures by allowing errors with some small probability.
1	For details on these feature functions, please refer to  .
1	The domain axioms will bind the body variables to their most likely referents during unification with facts, and previously assumed and proven propositions similarly to  .
1	The algorithm is slightly different from other online training algorithms   in that we keep and update oracle translations, which is a set of good translations reachable by a decoder according to a metric, i.e. BLEU  .
1	  compare two tagging frameworks for tagging French, one that is statistical, built upon the Xerox tagger  , and another based on linguistic constraints only.
1	Instead of analyzing sentences directly, AUCONTRAIRE relies on the TEXTRUNNER Open Information Extraction system   to map each sentence to one or more tuples that represent the entities in the sentences and the relationships between them  ).
1	As our work is based on the first paradigm, we will focus on the works proposed by   and  .
1	We use Minimal Error Rate Training   to maximize BLEU on the complete development data.
1	However, work in that direction has so far addressed only parse reranking  .
2	Another kind of popular approaches to dealing with query translation based on corpus-based techniques uses a parallel corpus containing aligned sentences whose translation pairs are corresponding to each other  .
2	Lexicalization can increase parsing performance dramatically for English  , and the lexicalized model proposed by Collins   has been successfully applied to Czech   and Chinese  .
1	Based on annotation differences in the datasets   and a bug in their system  , their results are inconclusive.
1	We evaluated performance by measuring WER  , PER  , BLEU   and TER     using multiple references.
2	Since it loosely links the two sentences syntactic structures, QG is well suited for problems like word alignment for MT   and question answering  .
1	For example, Smadja   suggests a basic characteristic of collocations and multiword units is recurrent, domain-dependent and cohesive lexical clusters.
1	This allows us to compute the conditional probability as follows  : P  = ~i~ '    Z~  Z~  = ~I~I~ '    ff i The maximum entropy estimation technique guarantees that for every feature gi, the expected value of gi according to the M.E. model will equal the empirical expectation of gi in the training corpus.
2	he averaged 1555 perceptron has a solid theoretical fundamental and was proved to be effective across a variety of NLP tasks  
1	4.3 Experiments results Our evaluation metric is BLEU  , which are to perform case-insensitive matching of n-grams up to n = 4.
1	Its still possible to use MSA if, for example, the input is pre-clustered to have the same constituent ordering  ).
1	As argued in Carletta  , Kappa values of 0.8 or higher are desirable for detecting associations between several coded variables; we were thus satisfied with the level of agreement achieved.
1	The annotation can be considered reliable   with 95% agreement and a kappa   of.88.
2	1 Introduction Phrase-based Statistical MT     has become the predominant approach to Machine Translation in recent years.
1	In this paper we will compare and evaluate several aspects of these techniques, focusing on Minimum Error Rate   training   and Minimum Bayes Risk   decision rules, within a novel training environment that isolates the impact of each component of these methods.
1	6.1 Hiero Results Using the MT 2002 test set, we ran the minimumerror rate training     with the decoder to tune the weights for each feature.
1	4.4 Related Work   implemented an MEMM model for supertagging which is analogous to the POS tagging model of  .
1	ing and McKeown   and Jing   propose a cut-and-paste strategy as a computational process of automatic abstracting and a sentence reduction strategy to produce concise sentences
0	It also differs from previous proposals on lexical acquisition using statistical measures such as   which either deny the prior existence of linguistic knowledge or use linguistic knowledge in ad hoc ways.
1	Within the generative model, the Bayes reformulation is used to estimate where is considered the language model, and is the translation model; the IBM   models being the de facto standard.
1	They can be used for discriminative training of reordering models  .
1	3 Previous Work on Subjectivity Tagging In previous work  , a corpus of sentences from the Wall Street Journal Treebank Corpus   was manually annotated with subjectivity classi cations bymultiplejudges.
1	4 Experiments Our experiments were conducted on CoNLL-2007 shared task domain adaptation track   using treebanks  .
1	We use the discriminative perceptron learning algorithm   to train the values of vectorw.
1	  uses the mutual information clustering algorithm described in  .
2	The goal of integrating syntactic information into the translation model has prompted many researchers to pursue tree-based transfer models  , with increasingly encouraging results.
1	We use the adaptation of this algorithm to structure prediction, first proposed by  .
1	Alignment is often used in training both generative and discriminative models  .
2	In contrast to existing approaches  , the context of the whole corpus rather than a single sentence is considered in this iterative, unsupervised procedure, yielding a more reliable alignment.
1	A tight integration of morphosyntactic information into the translation model was proposed by   where lemma and morphological information are translated separately, and this information is combined on the output side to generate the translation.
1	More importantly, the ratio of binarizability, as expected, decreases on freer word-order languages  .
1	96 Research on DA classification initially focused on two-party conversational speech   and, more recently, has extended to multi-party audio recordings like the ICSI corpus  .
2	This kind of corpus has served as an extremely valuable resource for computational linguistics applications such as machine translation and question answering  , and has also proved useful in theoretical linguistics research  .
1	The first is to align the words using a standard word alignement technique, such as the Refined Method described in     and then generate bi-phrases by combining together individual alignments that co-occur in the same pair of sentences.
1	In the results we describe here, we use mutual information   as the metric for neighbourhood pruning, pruning which occurs as the network is being generated.
1	Moses uses standard external tools for some of these tasks, such as GIZA++   for word alignments and SRILM   for language modeling.
1	We generated for each phrase pair in the translation table 5 features: phrase translation probability  , lexical weighting     and phrase penalty  .
1	Consider the following example  : This film should be brilliant.
2	However, since work in this direction has started, a significant progress has also been made in the research on statistical learning of full parsers, both in terms of accuracy and processing time  .
1	All model weights were trained on development sets via minimum-error rate training     with 200 unique n-best lists and optimizing toward BLEU.
1	To contrast,   concentrated on analyzing human-written summaries in order to determine how professionals construct summaries.
1	For instance, the HALOGEN statistical realizer  , converting them into its input formalism, and then producing output strings.
1	Correspondences between MALTUS and other tagsets   were also provided  .
0	Under simplifying assumptions, we have analytically shown how disynaptic inhibition that is as fast as mono-synaptic excitation can extend the effective range of inhibitory interactions, in contrast to the recent analytical results showing that in the case of equal synaptic delays on all connections the disynaptic inhibition has negligible effects  .
1	Finally, another soft-constraint approach that can also be viewed as coming from the data-driven side, adding syntax, is taken by Riezler and Maxwell  .
1	Statistical or probabilistic methods are often used to extract semantic clusters from corpora in order to build lexical resources for ANLP tools  ,  ,  , or for automatic thesaurus generation  .
1	arzilay & Lee   also identify paraphrases in their paraphrased sentence generation system
1	1 Introduction Text chunking has been one of the most interesting problems in natural language learning community since the first work of   using a machine learning method.
1	For example, Hindle   used cooccurrences between verbs and their subjects and objects, and proposed a similarity metric based on mutual information, but no exploration concerning the effectiveness of other kinds of word relationship is provided, although it is extendable to any kinds of contextual information.
1	Variations of SCFGs go back to Aho and Ullman  s Syntax-Directed Translation Schemata, but also include the Inversion Transduction Grammars in Wu  , which restrict grammar rules to be binary, the synchronous grammars in Chiang  , which use only a single nonterminal symbol, and the Multitext Grammars in Melamed  , which allow independent rewriting, as well as other tree-based models such as Yamada and Knight   and Galley et al.
1	1 Introduction Word alignment is an important component of a complete statistical machine translation pipeline  .
1	Following Church & Hanks  , Rapp  , and Wettler et al.
2	The parsers with the highest published broad-coverage parsing accuracy, which include Charniak  , Collins  , and Ratnaparkhi  , all utilize simple and straightforward statistically based search heuristics, pruning the search-space quite dramatically.
1	For the combined set  , we also show the 95% BLEU confidence interval computed using bootstrap resampling  .
1	We use the n-best generation scheme interleaved with  optimization as described in  .
1	Work in   modeled the limited information available at phrase-boundaries.
1	Starting from a N-Best list generated from a translation decoder, an optimizer, such as Minimum Error Rate     training, proposes directions to search for a better weight-vector  to combine feature functions.
1	Some work has been done on adding new terms and relations to WordNet   and FACTOTUM  .
1	Using a variant of the voted perceptron  , we discriminatively trained our parser in an on-line fashion.
2	Currently, high-throughput methods to screen high-producer cells have been developed  .
1	Alignment spaces can emerge from generative stories  , from syntactic notions  , or they can be imposed to create competition between links  .
1	We use the cosine similarity measure for windowbased contexts and the following commonly used similarity measures for the syntactic vector space: Hindles   measure, the weighted Lin measure  , the -Skew divergence measure  , the Jensen-Shannon   divergence measure  , Jaccards coef cient   and the Confusion probability  .
2	It has been used in a variety of difficult classification tasks such as part-of-speech tagging  , prepositional phrase attachment   and named entity tagging  , and achieves state of the art performance.
2	In machine translation, the rankings from the automatic BLEU method   have been shown to correlate well with human evaluation, and it has been widely used since and has even been adapted for summarization  .
2	2 Maximum Entropy Models Maximum entropy   models  , also known as log-linear and exponential learning models, provideageneralpurposemachinelearningtechnique for classification and prediction which has been successfully applied to natural language processing including part of speech tagging, named entity recognition etc. Maximum entropy models can integrate features from many heterogeneous information sources for classification.
1	1 Introduction Base noun phrases  , broadly the initial portions of non-recursive noun phrases up to the head  , are valuable pieces of linguistic structure which minimally extend beyond the scope of named entities.
1	5.3 Performance of Taxonomy Induction In this section, we compare the following automatic taxonomy induction systems: HE, the system by Hearst   with 6 hypernym patterns; GI, the system by Girju et al.
0	Our experiments on the Canadian Hansards show that our unsupervised technique is significantly more effective than picking seeds by hand  , which in turn is known to rival supervised methods.
1	Acknowledgments I want to thank my fellow organizers of the shared task, Johan Hall, Sandra Kubler, Ryan McDonald, Jens Nilsson, Sebastian Riedel, and Deniz Yuret, whoarealsoco-authorsofthelongerpaperonwhich this paper is partly based  .
2	We chose a dataset that would be enjoyable to reannotate: the movie review dataset of  .3 The dataset consists of 1000 positive and 1000 negative movie reviews obtained from the Internet Movie Database   review archive, all written before 2002 by a total of 312 authors, with a cap of 20 reviews per author per 2Taking Ccontrast to be constant means that all rationales are equally valuable.
1	Our approach is closely related to previous CoTraining methods  .
1	One is a phrase-based translation in which a phrasal unit is employed for translation  .
1	A similar use of the term phrase exists in machine translation, where phrases are often pairs of word sequences consistent with word-based alignments  .
1	2 Hierarchical Clustering of Words Several algorithms have been proposed for automatically clustering words based on a large corpus  .
2	The IBM models 1-5   produce word alignments with increasing algorithmic complexity and performance.
1	Trained and tested using the same technique as  .
2	However, recent progress in machine translation and the continuous improvement on evaluation metrics such as BLEU   suggest that SMT systems are already very good at choosing correct word translations.
2	Such word-based lexicalizations of probability models are used successfully in the statistical parsing models of, e.g., Collins  , Charniak  , or Ratnaparkhi  .
1	he only difference is that we 5See also work on partial parsing as a task in its own right: Hindle   inter alia
1	ilingual Bracketing   is one of the bilingual shallow parsing approaches studied for Chinese-English word alignment
1	Others try to accommodate both syntactic and lexical differences between the candidate translation and the reference, like CDER  , which employs a version of edit distance for word substitution and reordering; METEOR  , which uses stemming and WordNet synonymy; and a linear regression model developed by  , which makes use of stemming, WordNet synonymy, verb class synonymy, matching noun phrase heads, and proper name matching.
1	ur system assumes POS tags as input and uses the tagger of Ratnaparkhi   to provide tags for the development and evaluation sets
1	The features are the same as those in  .
1	Because of these kinds of results, the vast majority of statistical parsing work has focused on parsing as a supervised learning problem  .
1	Set Test Set ENGLISH-WSJ Sections Section 22 Section 23   2-21 ENGLISH-BROWN see 10% of 10% of the   ENGLISH-WSJ the data6 the data6 FRENCH7 Sentences Sentences Sentences   1-18,609 18,610-19,609 19,609-20,610 GERMAN Sentences Sentences Sentences   1-18,602 18,603-19,602 19,603-20,602 Table 1: Corpora and standard experimental setups.
1	 ), while exploring word-to-expression   relations has connections to techniques that employ more of a global-view of corpus statistics  ).1 While most previousresearch exploits only one or the other type of relation, we propose a unified method that can exploit both types of semantic relation, while adapting a general purpose polarity lexicon into a domain specific one.
1	Carletta mentions this problem, asking what the difference would be if the kappa statistic were computed across ""clause boundaries, transcribed word boundaries, and transcribed phoneme boundaries""   rather than the sentence boundaries she suggested.
2	State-of-art systems for doing word alignment use generative models like GIZA++  .
1	By contrast, alternative approaches, like Collins  , apply an additional transformation to each tree in the tree-bank, splitting each rule into small parts, which finally results in a new grammar covering many more sentences than the explicit one.
2	The procedure of substituting named entities with their respective tags previously proved to be useful for various tasks  .
2	Syntax-light alignment models such as the five IBM models   and their relatives have proved to be very successful and robust at producing word-level alignments, especially for closely related languages with similar word order and mostly local reorderings, which can be captured via simple models of relative word distortion.
1	cCarthy et al. use a distributional similarity thesaurus acquired from corpus data using the method of Lin   for nding the predominant sense of a word where the senses are dened by WordNet
1	nline discriminative training has already been studied by Tillmann and Zhang   and Liang et al
1	2 Phrasal Inversion Transduction Grammar We use a phrasal extension of Inversion Transduction Grammar   as the generative framework.
1	Similarly, the sense disambiguation problem is typically attacked by comparing the distribution of the neighbors of a word's occurrence to prototypical distributions associated with each of the word's senses \ .
1	Many methods have been proposed to measure the co-occurrence relation between two words such as  2   , mutual information  , t-test  , and loglikelihood  .
2	Here we choose to work with stupid backoff smoothing   since this is significantly more efficient to train and deploy in a distributed framework than a contextdependent smoothing scheme such as Kneser-Ney.
1	So far, pivot features on the word level were used  , e.g. Does the bigram not buy occur in this document?  .
1	Essentially, we follow Hobbs   in using a rich ontology and a representation scheme that makes explicit all the individuals and abstract objects     involved in the LF interpretation of an utterance.
1	Similar observations have been made in the context of tagging problems using maximum-entropy models  .
2	Semantic collocations are harder to extract than cooccurrence patterns--the state of the art does not enable us to find semantic collocations automatically t. This paper however argues that if we take advantage of lexicai paradigmatic behavior underlying the lexicon, we can at least achieve semi-automatic extraction of semantic collocations   I But note the important work by Hindle \  on extracting semantically similar nouns based on their substitutability in certain verb contexts.
2	It has been demonstrated in numerous experiments that anonymous pre-play communication increases cooperation in social dilemmas and improves bargaining efficiency  .
1	In Kanayamas method, the co-occurrence is considered as the appearance in intraor inter-sentential context  .
1	Riezler and Maxwell   combine transfer-based and statistical MT; they back off to the SMT translation when the grammar is inadequate, analysing the grammar to determine this.
1	For example, the distancebased reordering model   allows a decoder to translate in non-monotonous order, under the constraint that the distance between two phrases translated consecutively does not exceed a limit known as distortion limit.
1	For the chunk part of the code, we adopt the Inside, Outside, and Between   encoding originating from  .
1	The training set is extracted from TreeBank   section 1518, the development set, used in tuning parameters of the system, from section 20, and the test set from section 21.
1	DeNero and Klein   focus on alignment and do not present MT results, while May and Knight   takesthesyntacticre-alignmentasaninputtoanEM algorithm where the unaligned target words are insertedintothetemplatesandminimumtemplatesare combinedintobiggertemplates .
0	Classic classification principles are not able to effectively solve this task since they impose conditional independence among the periods under classification  .
1	The heuristic estimator employs word-alignment     and a few thumb rules for defining phrase pairs, and then extracts a multi-set of phrase pairs and estimates their conditional probabilities based on the counts in the multi-set.
1	The features we used are as follows:  word posterior probability  ;  3, 4-gram target language model;  word length penalty;  Null word length penalty; Also, we use MERT   to tune the weights of confusion network.
1	The first approaches are used for Penn Treebank   and the KAIST language resource  .
1	PB, available at www.cis.upenn.edu/ace, is used along with the Penn TreeBank 2    .
1	The problem itself has started to get attention only recently  .
2	1 Introduction Finite-state parsing   has typically been motivated as a fast firstpass for  or approximation to  more expensive context-free parsing  .
1	omokiyo and Hurst   use pointwise KLdivergence between multiple language models for scoring both phraseness and informativeness of phrases
1	To obtain these distances, Ratnaparkhis partof-speech   tagger   and Collins parser   were used to obtain parse trees for the English side of the test corpus.
1	After that, several million instances of people, locations, and other facts were added  .
2	Parsing models have been developed for different languages and state-of-the-art results have been reported for, e.g., English  .
2	1 Introduction State of the art statistical parsers   are trained on manually annotated treebanks that are highly expensive to create.
2	Recently, peptide fragmentation with tandem mass spectrometry parallel to the standardized MALDI-TOF-MS has emerged as an additional tool which provides enhanced capabilities for peptide sequencing directly from samples such as nervous tissues or even single cells of invertebrates, including those of insects  .
1	Table 1 shows a summary of the results of our experiments with SVMpar and MBLpar, and also results obtained with the Charniak   parser, the Bikel   implementation of the Collins   parser, and the Ratnaparkhi   parser.
1	Aspect-based sentiment analysis summarizes sentiments with diverse attributes, so that customers may have to look more closely into analyzed sentiments  .
1	The disambiguation algorithms also require that the semantic relatedness measures WordNet::Similarity   be installed.
1	It seems nevertheless that all 2Church and Hanks  , Smadja   use statistics in their algorithms to extract collocations from texts.
2	The target input and the system output were displayed independently to the operator; this paradigm has been shown to be more effective than compensatory displays, where only the difference between the two signals, or error term, is shown  .
1	Church and Hanks   thus emphasize the importance of human judgment used in conjunction with these tools
2	Hunter take rates  Hunter take   is a widely applied method for assessing relative abundance of wildlife, including wild swine  .
1	This example is adapted from Resnik  
1	The empirical probability for each sentence pair is estimated by maximum likelihood estimation over the training data  .
1	We use only the words that are content words   and not in the stopword list used in ROUGE  .
2	Maximum entropy can be used to improve IBM-style translation probabilities by using features, such as improvements to P  in  .
1	Recently, a number of machine learning approaches have been proposed  .
1	1 Introduction The probabilistic relation between verbs and their arguments plays an important role in modern statistical parsers and supertaggers  , and in psychological theories of language processing  .
1	As two examples,   and   give good overviews of the techniques and equations used for Markov models and part-ofspeech tagging, but they are not very explicit in the details that are needed for their application.
1	Such a lexicon can be used, e.g., to classify individual sentences or phrases as subjective or not, and as bearing positive or negative sentiments  .
1	5 Data-driven Dependency Parsing Models for data-driven dependency parsing can be roughly divided into two paradigms: Graph-based and transition-based models  .
1	2 Basic Approaches 2.1 Cross-Lingual Approach Our cross-lingual approach   is based on  , who used a modified Levenshtein string edit-distance algorithm to match Arabic script person names against their corresponding English versions.
0	xperimental results indicate that our model outperforms Haghighi and Kleins   coreference model by a large margin on the ACE data sets and compares favorably to a modified version of their model
1	In the work of Smadja   on extracting collocations, preference was given to constructions whose constituents appear in a fixed order, a similar   version of our assumption here that asymmetric constructions are more idiomatic than symmetric ones.
1	We use MXPOST tagger   for POS tagging, Charniak parser   for extracting syntactic relations, and David Blei?s version of LDA1 for LDA training and inference.
1	Word alignments are provided by GIZA++   with grow-diag-final combination, with infrastructure for alignment combination and phrase extraction provided by the shared task.
1	For handling word identities, one could follow the approach used for handling the POS tags   and view the POS tags and word identities as two separate sources of information.
1	 , Pedersen  , Yarowsky and Florian  ) as well as maximum entropy models  , Klein and Manning  ).
1	Training via the voted perceptron algorithm   or using a max-margin criterion also correspond to the first option  , Finley and Joachims  ).
1	Both training and testing sentences were processed using Collins parser   to generate parse-tree automatically.
1	reund and Schapire   discuss how the theory for classification problems can be extended to deal with both of these questions; Collins   describes how these results apply to NLP problems
2	One of these topologies known as local topology or lbest model provided improvements on several multimodal optimization problems  .
1	 , sometimes augmented by an HMM-based model or Och and Neys Model 6  .
1	urney   and Turney and Littman   exploit the first two generalizations for unsupervised sentiment classification of movie reviews
1	We used the Berkeley Parser 2 to train such grammars on sections 2-21 of the Penn Treebank  .
1	For example, a statistical machine translation system such as ISIs AlTemp SMT system   can generate a list of n-best alternative translations given a source sentence.
1	The kappa value   was used to evaluate the agreement among the judges and to estimate how difficult the evaluation task was.
2	As can be seen, the temporal transition models provided by the HMMs result in about 5% performance gain in both state and environment tasks.
1	With IOB2 representation  , the problem of Chinese chunking can be regarded as a sequence labeling task.
1	Some papers   based on Smadja's paradigm   learned an aided dictionary from a corpus to reduce the possibility of unknown words.
1	ohnson   and Gao & Johnson   assume that words are generated by a hidden Markov model and find that the resulting states strongly correlate with POS tags
2	With the success of collaborative sites like Amazons Mechanical Turk 1, one 1http://www.mturk.com/ 59 can provide the task of annotation to multiple oracles on the internet  .
1	440 respondence learning   domain adaptation algorithm   for use in sentiment classification.
1	6.3 Comparison with re-ranking approach Finally, we compared our algorithm with the reranking approach  , where we rst generate the n-best candidates using a model with only local features   and then re-rank the candidates using a model with non-local features  .
1	They propose a two-level hierarchy, with 5 classes at the first level and 30 classes at the second one; other researchers   have used their class scheme and data set.
1	During training, the baseline POS tagger stores special word-tag pairs into a tag dictionary  .
1	Thus, we obtain the following second-order model: a36a39a38a41a40 a17 a5a7 a42a4 a5a7 a44 a8 a5a57 a15a27a58 a7 a36a39a38a41a40 a17a20a15a59a42a17 a15a41a49 a7 a7 a60 a4 a5a7 a44 a8 ma61a63a62a65a64a33a66 a5a57 a15a27a58 a7a68a67 a40 a17 a15 a42a17 a15a50a49 a7 a15a50a49a51a48 a60 a4 a15a27a47a55a48 a15a50a49a54a48 a44 a11 A well-founded framework for directly modeling the posterior probability a67 a40 a17 a15 a42a17 a15a50a49 a7 a15a50a49a54a48 a60 a4 a15a12a47a55a48 a15a50a49a54a48 a44 is maximum entropy  .
1	hurch and Hanks   introduced a statistical measurement called mutual information for extracting strongly associated or collocated words
2	Midfielders and external defenders have been reported as the most efficient players when connecting teammates  .
1	Evidence have shown that by exploiting the constraint of so-called ""one sense per discourse,""   and the strategy of bootstrapping  , it is possible to boost coverage, while maintaining about the same level of precision.
1	  In this example, we can see that after compression the lead sentence reads 156 more like a headline.
1	16In fact, we have experimented with other tagger combinations and configurations as wellwith the TnT  , MaxEnt   and TreeTagger  , with or without the Morce tagger in the pack; see below for the winning combination.
1	2 Detecting Discourse-New Definite Descriptions 2.1 Vieira and Poesio Poesio and Vieira   carried out corpus studies indicating that in corpora like the Wall Street Journal portion of the Penn Treebank  , around 52% of DDs are discourse-new  , and another 15% or so are bridging references, for a total of about 66-67% firstmention.
1	There are other types of variations for phrases; for example, insertion, deletion or substitution of words, and permutation of words such as view point and point of view are such variations  .
0	Our experimental results display that our SDB model achieves a substantial improvement over the baseline and significantly outperforms XP+ according to the BLEU metric  .
1	In the hierarchical phrase-based model  , and an inversion transduction grammar    , the problem is resolved by restricting to a binarized form where at most two non-terminals are allowed in the righthand side.
1	4.2 Impact of Paraphrases on Machine Translation Evaluation The standard way to analyze the performance of an evaluation metric in machine translation is to compute the Pearson correlation between the automatic metric and human scores  .
1	A statistical language model  a lexicalized PCFG    is derived from the analysis grammar by processing a corpus using the same grammar with no statistical model and recording frequencies of substructures built by each rule.
0	In this work we use the averaged perceptron algorithm   since it is an online algorithm much simpler and orders of magnitude faster than Boosting and MaxEnt methods.
1	Roget's has been used as the sense division in two recent WSD works   more or less as is, except for a small number of senses added to fill gaps.
1	In the concept extension part of our algorithm we adapt our concept acquisition framework   to suit diverse languages, including ones without explicit word segmentation.
1	We used sections 220 of the Penn Treebank 2 Wall Street Journal corpus   for training, section 22 as development set and section 23 for testing.
1	Hindle, D. ,   ""Noun Classification from Predicate-Argument Structures,"" Proceedings of the 28th Annual Meeting of the ACL, pp.
1	he algorithm is similar to the perceptron algorithm described in Collins  
2	Similar to  , we also applied four popular subspace learning methods including PCA, LDA, LPP and ONPP for appearance-based facial expression recognition with spatial misalignments.
1	In this sense, instead of measuring only the categorial agreement between annotators with the kappa statistic   or the performance of a system in terms of precision/recall, we could take into account the hierarchical organization of the categories or concepts by making use of measures considering the hierarchical distance between two concepts such as proposed by   or  .
1	Weights on the loglinear features are set using Och's algorithm   to maximize the system's BLEU score on a development corpus.
1	3 A Categorization of Block Styles In  , multi-word cepts   are discussed and the authors state that when a target sequence is sufficiently different from a word by word translation, only then should the target sequence should be promoted to a cept.
1	For comparison to previous results, table 2 lists the results on the testing set for our best model   and several other statistical parsers  .
1	Instead of using a single system output as the skeleton, we employ a minimum Bayes-risk decoder to select the best single system output from the merged N-best list by minimizing the BLEU   loss.
1	2.1 Scale-dependence It has been shown that varying the size of the context considered for a word can impact upon the performance of applications  , there being no ideal window size for all applications.
1	4.1 Corpora set-up The above kernels were experimented over two corpora: PropBank   along with Penn TreeBank5 2   and FrameNet.
1	1A Normal Form for SITGs can be defined   by analogy to the Chomsky Normal Form for Stochastic ContextFree Grammars.
1	Other metrics assess the impact of alignments externally, e.g., different alignments are tested by comparing the corresponding MT outputs using automated evaluation metrics   or METEOR  ).
1	Since the use of cluster of machines is not always practical,   showed a randomized data structure called Bloom filter, that can be used to construct space efficient language models 513 for SMT.
1	A Head Percolation Table has previously been used in several statistical parsers   to find heads of phrases.
1	4.3 Baseline We use a standard log-linear phrase-based statistical machine translation system as a baseline: GIZA++ implementation of IBM word alignment model 4  ,8 the refinement and phrase-extraction heuristics described in  , minimum-error-rate training 7More specifically, we choose the first English reference from the 7 references and the Chinese sentence to construct new sentence pairs.
1	translation lexicon entries were scored according to the log likelihood ratio   (cf.
1	There has been a growing interest in corpus-based approaches which retrieve collocations from large corpora  ,    ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .
2	In most cases, supervised learning methods can perform well  .
1	For example, our system configuration for the shared task incorporates a wrapper around GIZA++   for word alignment and a wrapper around Moses   for decoding.
1	This can also be interpreted as a generalization of standard class-based models  .
1	We tagged all the sentences in the training and devset3 using a maximum entropy-based POS tagger MXPOST  , trained on the Penn English and Chinese Treebanks.
1	Recently, Yarowsky   combined a MIlD and a corpus in a bootstrapping process.
1	Examples of such techniques are Markov Random Fields  , and boosting or perceptron approaches to reranking  .
2	The success of statistical methods in particular has been quite evident in the area of syntactic parsing, most recently with the outstanding results of   and   on the now-standard English test set of the Penn Treebank  .
1	After each step the annotations were compared using the ~ statistic as reliability measure for all classification tasks  .
1	Although Phramer provides decoding functionality equivalent to Pharaohs, we preferred to use Pharaoh for this task because it is much faster than Phramer  between 2 and 15 times faster, depending on the configuration  and preliminary tests showed that there is no noticeable difference between the output of these two in terms of BLEU   score.
1	To model aspects of co-occurrence association that might be obscured by raw frequency, the log-likelihood ratio G2   was also used to transform the feature space.
1	Collins   reports 88% labeled precision and recall on individual parse constituents on data from the Penn Treebank, roughly consistent with our finding of at least 13% error.
1	1999) O:98.1% C:98.2% 92.4% 93.1% Ramshaw and Marcus   IOB1:97.37% 91.80% 92.27% Argamon et al
1	In this work we use the following contextual information: a3 Target context: As in   we consider a window of 3 words to the left and to the right of the target word considered.
2	To facilitate comparisons with previous work  , we used the training/development/test partition defined in the corpus and we also used the automatically-assigned part of speech tags provided in the corpus.10 Czech word clusters were derived from the raw text section of the PDT 1.0, which contains about 39 million words of newswire text.11 We trained the parsers using the averaged perceptron  , which represents a balance between strong performance and fast training times.
1	5 Comparison with other approaches In some sense, this approach is similar to the notion of ""ambiguity classes"" explained in   and   where words that belong to the same part-of-speech figure together.
1	Besides precision, recall and   F-measure, we also include an F-measure variant strongly biased towards recall  , which   found to be best to tune their LEAF aligner for maximum MT accuracy.
1	.1.1 Pointwise Mutual Information This measure for word similarity was first used in this context by Church and Hanks  
1	There has been considerable skepticism over whether WSD will actually improve performance of applications, but we are now starting to see improvement in performance due to WSD in cross-lingual information retrieval   and machine translation   and we hope that other applications such as question-answering, text simplication and summarisation might also benet as WSD methods improve.
1	Finally, Zhang and Clark   achieve an SF of 95.90% and a TF of 91.34% by 10-fold cross validation using CTB data.
1	1 Introduction Word alignmentdetection of corresponding words between two sentences that are translations of each otheris usually an intermediate step of statistical machine translation    , but also has been shown useful for other applications such as construction of bilingual lexicons, word-sense disambiguation, projection of resources, and crosslanguage information retrieval.
1	2.2 Maximum Entropy Model The maximum entropy model   estimates a probability distribution from training data.
2	For instance, the mutual information   and log-likelihood ratio   have been widely used for extracting word bigrams.
1	Since text planners cannot generate either the requisite syntactic variation or quantity of text,  , a corpus that includes texts from newspapers such as the Wall Street Journal, and which have been hand-annotated for syntax by linguists.
1	We want to avoid training a metric that as5Or, in a less adversarial setting, a system may be performing minimum error-rate training   signs a higher than deserving score to a sentence that just happens to have many n-gram matches against the target-language reference corpus.
1	Our evaluation metric is case-insensitive BLEU-4  , as defined by NIST, that is, using the shortest   reference sentence length for the brevity penalty.
1	The learning algorithm, which is illustrated in Collins  , proceeds as follows.
1	For automatic evaluation, we employed BLEU   by following  .
1	3 The Effect of Training Corpus Size A number of past research work on WSD, such as  , were tested on a small number of words like ""line"" and ""interest"".
2	Being inspired by the success of noisy-channel-based approaches in applications as diverse as speech recognition  , part of speech tagging  , machine translation  , information retrieval  , and text summarization  , we develop a noisy channel model for QA.
1	Learning in this context consisted of estimating the parameters of the model with simple likelihood based techniques, but incorporating various smoothing and back-off estimation tricks to cope with the sparse data problems  .
1	2 Data and annotation Yahoo!s image query API was used to obtain a corpus of pairs of semantically ambiguous images, in thumbnail and true size, and their corresponding web sites for three ambiguous keywords inspired by  : BASS, CRANE, and SQUASH.
1	History-based models for predicting the next parser action   3.
1	Intuitively speaking, the gaps on the target-side will lead to exponential complexity in decoding with integrated language models  , as well as synchronous parsing  .
2	…tool which provides enhanced capabilities for peptide sequencing directly from samples such as nervous tissues or even single cells of invertebrates, including those of insects  .
1	In the second experiment, the basic learning model is Collinss   Model 2 parser, which uses a history-based learning algorithm that takes statistics directly over the treebank.
0	Methods like McDonalds, including the wellknown Maximal Marginal Relevance   algorithm  , are subject to another problem: Summary-level redundancy is not always well modeled by pairwise sentence-level redundancy.
1	Others use sentence cohesion  , agreement/disagreement between speakers  , or structural adjacency.
1	Unsupervised systems   are based on generative models trained with the EM algorithm.
1	2.4 Comparison with Hybrid Model SSL based on a hybrid generative/discriminative approach proposed in   has been defined as a log-linear model that discriminatively combines several discriminative models, pDi , and generative models, pGj , such that: R  = producttext i p Di  i producttext j p Gj  j summationtext y producttext i p Di  i producttext j p Gj  j , where ={i}Ii=1, and ={{i}Ii=1,{j}I+Jj=I+1}.
1	The reliability of the annotations was checked using the kappa statistic  .
1	The algorithm is essentially the same as the one introduced in  .
2	  showed that the results for French-English were competitive to state-of-the-art alignment systems.
1	 , Johnson  --that conditioning the probabilities of structures on the context within which they appear, for example on the lexical head of a constituent  , on the label of its parent nonterrninal  , or, ideally, on both and many other things besides, leads to a much better parsing model and results in higher parsing accuracies.
0	We evaluated our document model using an established dataset for semantic document similarity    ) and show that our approach outperforms baselines relying on traditional, i.e., ‘flat’, document representations, and also produces results close to…
1	Automatic approaches to creating a semantic orientation lexicon and, more generally, approaches for word-level sentiment annotation can be grouped into two kinds:   those that rely on manually created lexical resourcesmost of which use WordNet  ; and   those that rely on text corpora  .
1	Roughly in keeping with  , we hereby regard paradigmatic assocations as those based largely on word similarity  , whereas syntagmatic associations are all those words which strongly invoke one another yet which cannot readily be said to be similar.
1	Another application of hard clustering methods   is that they can also produce a binary tree, which can be used for decision-tree based systems such as the SPATTER parser   or the ATR Decision-Tree Part-OfSpeech Tagger  .
2	Probably the most widely used association weight function is   Mutual Information    ,  ,  ,  , defined by: A known weakness of MI is its tendency to assign high weights for rare features.
1	The following treebanks were used for training the parser:  .
2	The most popular ESIPT probes are 3-hydroxychromones, which are largely used to investigate lipid membrane properties   interactions.
1	Maximum Entropy models implement the intuition that the best model is the one that is consistent with the set of constraints imposed by the evidence but otherwise is as uniform as possible  .
1	A second example of subtle language dependence comes from Dasgupta and Ng  , who present an unsupervised morphological segmentation algorithm meant to be language-independent.
1	The model parameters are trained using minimum error-rate training  .
0	Our method is a natural extension of those proposed in   and  , and overcomes their drawbacks while retaining their advantages.
1	To make things worse, languages are non-isomorphic, i.e., there is no 1to-1 mapping between tree nodes, thus in practice one has to use more expressive formalisms such as synchronous tree-substitution grammars  .
1	2 Related Work Question Answering has attracted much attention from the areas of Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval and Data Mining  .
1	Hindle   used noun-verb syntactic relations, and Hatzivassiloglou and McKeown   used coordinated adjective-adjective modifier pairs.
1	We parsed a 125-million word newspaper corpus with Minipar, 1 a descendent of Principar  , and extracted dependency relationships from the parsed corpus.
1	Evaluation 6.1 Evaluation at the Token Level This section compares translation model estimation methods A, B, and C to each other and to Brown et al.'s   Model 1.
1	Given the training pairs, any sequence predictor can be used, for example a Conditional Random Field     or a structured perceptron  .
1	3The usefulness of position varies significantly in different genres  .
2	One of the most successful metrics for judging machine-generated text is BLEU  .
1	any other projects have used statistics in a way that summarizes facts about the text but does not draw any explicit conclusions from them  
2	Consequences for Computational Modelling The Incremental Algorithm   is considered most successful in producing human-like referring expressions.
1	2 Syntactic-oriented evaluation metrics We investigated the following metrics oriented on the syntactic structure of a translation output:  POSBLEU The standard BLEU score   calculated on POS tags instead of words;  POSP POS n-gram precision: percentage of POS ngrams in the hypothesis which have a counterpart in the reference;  POSR Recall measure based on POS n-grams: percentage of POS n-grams in the reference which are also present in the hypothesis;  POSF POS n-gram based F-measure: takes into account all POS n-grams which have a counter29 part, both in the reference and in the hypothesis.
1	We employ loglinear models   for the disambiguation.
1	To tune the decoder parameters, we conducted minimum error rate training   with respect to the word BLEU score   using 2.0K development sentence pairs.
1	Minimum error-rate   training   was applied to obtain weights   for these features.
1	On the other hand, the thesaurus-based method of Yarowsky   may suffer from loss of information   as well as data sparseness   are based on the WordNet taxonomy while classes of Brown et al.
1	By comparing derivation trees for parallel sentences in two languages, instances of structural divergences   can be automatically detected.
1	For each span in the chart, we get a weight factor that is multiplied with the parameter-based expectations.9 4 Experiments We applied GIZA++   to word-align parts of the Europarl corpus   for English and all other 10 languages.
1	The baseline hierarchical phrase-based system is trained using standard max-BLEU training   without sparse features  .
1	BLEU   is a precision metric that assesses the quality of a translation in terms of the proportion of its word n-grams   that it shares with several reference translations.
1	Many of the current approaches of domain modeling collapse together different instances and make the decision on what information is important for a domain based on this generalized corpus  .
1	7 Related work Similarly to  , the rules discussed in this paper are equivalent to productions of synchronous tree substitution grammars.
1	  measure annotation quality in terms of precision and recall against manually constructed, gold-standard f-structures for 105 randomly selected trees from section 23 of the WSJ section of Penn-II.
2	We use a recently proposed dependency parser  1 which has demonstrated state-of-theart performance on a selection of languages from the 1The ISBN parser will be soon made downloadable from the authors web-page.
1	1 Introduction Decoding is one of the three fundamental problems in classical SMT   as proposed by IBM in the early 1990s  .
1	INTRODUCTION Class-based language models  have been proposed for dealing with two problems confronted by the well-known word n-gram language models   data sparseness: the amount of training data is insufficient for estimating the huge number of parameters; and   domain robustness: the model is not adaptable to new application domains.
1	Following the suggestions in  , Core et al. consider kappa scores above 0.67 to indicate significant agreement and scores above 0.8 reliable agreement.
1	Firstly, we run GIZA++   on the training corpus in both directions and then apply the ogrow-diag-finalprefinement rule   to obtain many-to-many word alignments.
2	Almost all of the commonly used neural simulation packages now have a Python interface  .
0	While this technique has been successfully applied to parsing the ATIS portion in the Penn Treebank  , it is extremely time consuming.
2	However, rats are able to discriminate harmful food from harmless food by their well-developed olfactory system  .
1	2.2 Weight optimization A common criterion to optimize the coefficients of the log-linear combination of feature functions is to maximize the BLEU score   on a development set  .
1	Machine translation based on a deeper analysis of the syntactic structure of a sentence has long been identified as a desirable objective in principle  ).
1	he SPECIALIST minimal commitment parser relies on the SPECIALIST Lexicon as well as the Xerox stochastic tagger  
1	Wordalignment, however, isalmost exclusively done using statistics  .
1	Instead of directly minimizing error as in earlier work  , we decompose the decoding process into a sequence of local decision steps based on Eq.
1	To further emphasize the importance of morphology in MT to Czech, we compare the standard BLEU   of a baseline phrasebased translation with BLEU which disregards word forms  .
1	e optimize the model weights using a modified version of averaged perceptron learning as described by Collins  
1	ur approach is related to those of Collins and Roark   and Taskar et al
2	Emerging results in the field continue to suggest that trimeric, functional forms of recombinant Env might generate more broadly-reactive, neutralizing antibody responses against HIV  .
1	The f-structure annotation algorithm used for inducing LFG resources from the Penn-II treebank for English   uses configurational, categorial, function tag and trace information.
1	Parametertuningwasdonewithminimum error rate training  , which was used to maximize BLEU  .
2	We use the GBrank algorithm for the ranking model learning, as GBrank is one of the most effective learning-to-rank algorithms  .
2	Probably the most widely used feature weighting function is   Mutual Information    , dened by: weight MI  =log 2 P  P P    We calculate the MI weights by the following statistics in the space of co-occurrence instances S: weight MI  =log 2 count  nrels count  count    where count  is the frequency of the co-occurrence pair w,f  in S, count and count  are the independent frequencies of w and f in S,andnrels is the size of S.High MI weights are assumed to correspond to strong wordfeature associations.
1	2005) applied the distributional similarity proposed by Lin   to coordination disambiguation
1	olan   observed that sense division in MRD is frequently too free for the purpose of WSD
1	Among the four steps, the hypothesis alignment presents the biggest challenge to the method due to the varying word orders between outputs from different MT systems  .
1	Many NLP systems use the output of supervised parsers   for QA,   for IE,   for SRL,   for Textual Inference and   for MT).
1	a  showed that this representation tends to provide better results than the representation used in   where each word is tagged with a tag I , O , or B .
2	1 Introduction The last years have seen a boost of work devoted to the development of machine learning based coreference resolution systems  .
1	To solve this problem, we will adapt the idea of null generated words from machine translation  .
1	Inspired by  , we have implemented an f-structure annotation algorithm to automatically obtain f-structures from CFG-trees in the CTB5.1.
1	Furthermore, they extended WSD to phrase sense disambiguation    .
2	There is usually not a considerable difference between the two methods in terms of the accuracy of the resulting model  , but L1 regularization has a significant advantage in practice.
1	For instance, several studies have shown that BLEU correlates with human ratings on machine translation quality  .
1	Some of them are based upon syntactic structure, with PropBank   being one of the most relevant, building the annotation upon the syntactic representation of the TreeBank corpus  .
1	But in fact, the issue of editing in text summarization has usually been neglected, notable exceptions being the works by Jing and McKeown   and Mani, Gates, and Bloedorn  .
2	In Owczarzak  , the method achieves equal or higher correlations with human judgments than METEOR  , one of the best-performingautomaticMTevaluationmetrics.
1	Doing inference with representations close to natural language has also been advocated by Jerry Hobbs, as in  .
2	In the supervised setting, a recent paper by Daume III   shows that, using a very simple feature augmentation method coupled with Support Vector Machines, he is able to effectively use both labeled target and source data to provide the best results in a number of NLP tasks.
1	Following  , we describe the original parsing architecture and our modifications to it as a Dynamic Bayesian network.
1	In particular, Abney defines a function K that is an upper bound on the negative log-likelihood, and shows his bootstrapping algorithms locally minimize K. We now present a generalization of Abneys K function and relate it to another semi-supervised learning technique, entropy regularization  .
1	xperimentation The corpus used in shallow parsing is extracted from the PENN TreeBank   of 1 million words   by a program provided by Sabine Buchholz from Tilburg University
1	In this work, we study a method for obtaining word phrases that is based on Stochastic Inversion Transduction Grammars that was proposed in  .
2	Motivation Phrase-based statistical machine translation   has emerged as the dominant paradigm in machine translation research
1	2007) and Smith and Smith   showed that the MatrixTree Theorem can be used to train edge-factored log-linearmodelsofdependencyparsing
1	The probabilities of derivation decisions are modelled using the neural network approximation   to a type of dynamic Bayesian Network called an Incremental Sigmoid Belief Network    .
1	Previous work   has shown it to be appropriate to large-scale language modeling.
1	  proposes two approximate models based on the variational approach.
2	This averaging effect has been shown to reduce overfitting and produce much more stable results  .
1	  introduced a polynomial-time solution for the alignment problem based on synchronous binary trees.
1	We employ the phrase-based SMT framework  , and use the Moses toolkit  , and the SRILM language modelling toolkit  , and evaluate our decoded translations using the BLEU measure  , using a single reference translation.
1	Such techniques include Gibbs sampling  , a general-purpose Monte Carlo method, and integer linear programming  ,  , a general-purpose exact framework for NP-complete problems.
1	 ; later elaborations and refinements have been implemented in a number of systems, notably CHAT-80  , TEAM  , and CLE  .
1	In this year, CoNLL-2007 shared task   focuses on multilingual dependency parsing based on ten different languages   and domain adaptation for English   without taking the languagespecific knowledge into consideration.
1	They train from the Penn Treebank  ; a collection of 40,000 sentences that are labeled with corrected parse trees  .
1	We then proceed to split the data into smaller sentences and tag them using Ratnaparkhis Maximum Entropy Tagger  .
0	For example, the maximum total cardiac output at 23 ˚C in Reeves’s study was around 30–40 ml min21 kg21, a value considerably lower than that reported by Shelton and Burggren  .
1	The supertagger uses a log-linear model to define a distribution over the lexical category set for each word and the previous two categories   and the forward backward algorithm efficiently sums over all histories to give a distribution for each word.
2	3.2 Evaluation Criteria Well-established objective evaluation measures like the word error rate  , positionindependent word error rate  , and the BLEU score   were used to assess the translation quality.
1	Previous attempts have used, for instance, the similarities between case frames  , anchor words  , and a web-based method .
1	For example, in the IBM Models  , each word ti independently generates 0, 1, or more 2Note that we refer to t as the target sentence, even though in the source-channel model, t is the source sentence which goes through the channel model P  to produce the observed sentence s. words in the source language.
1	We tune using Ochs algorithm   to optimize weights for the distortion model, language model, phrase translation model and word penalty over the BLEU metric  .
1	arowsky   dealt with this problem largely by producing an unsupervised learning algorithm that generates probabilistic decision list models of word senses from seed collocates
1	The second uses the decoder to search for the highest-B translation  , which Arun and Koehn   call max-B updating.
1	3.3 Language Model   As a second baseline we use the classification based on the language model using overlapping ngram sequences   as suggested by Pang & Lee   for the English language.
2	A simple, yet high performing approach for mapping a given surface form  , to its corresponding DBpedia   entity is to link to its most frequent candidate entity Mihalcea and Csomai  . Even though this approach does not take any context information into account, it has proven to be effective not only for text entity linking, but also for Nell triple linking (Dutta et al.
1	We participated in the multilingual track of the CoNLL 2007 shared task  , and evaluated the system on data sets of 10 languages  .
1	From this LFG annotated treebank, large-scale unification grammar resources were automatically extracted and used in parsing   and generation  .
1	We use the likelihood ratio for a binomial distribution  , which tests the hypothesis whether the term occurs independently in texts of biographical nature given a large corpus of biographical and non-biographical texts.
1	Moses used the development data for minimum error-rate training   of its small number of parameters.
2	The present study used the most costeffective method for assessing stages of reproductive aging which is based on menstrual bleeding patterns   and chronologic age  .
1	Next, using our feature vector, we applied five different linear classifiers to extract PPI from AIMed: L2-SVM, 1-norm soft-margin SVM  , logistic regression    , averaged perceptron    , and confidence weighted linear classification    .
1	Related Work One of the first works that use statistical methods to detect implicit discourse relations is that of Marcu and Echihabi  
1	1PMI is subject to overestimation for low frequency items  , thus we require a minimum frequency of occurrence for the expressions under study.
1	The segmentation is based on the guidelines, given in the Chinese national standard GB13715,   and the POS tagging specification was developed according to the Grammatical Knowledge-base of contemporary Chinese.
1	Significant neighbor-based co-occurrence: As discussed in  , it is possible to measure the amount of surprise to see two neighboring words in a corpus at a certain frequency under the assumption of independence.
1	This paper presents an empirical study measuring the effectiveness of our evaluation functions at selecting training sentences from the Wall Street Journal   corpus   for inducing grammars.
2	The effort to develop new treatments for ALS has led to repeated failure since the demonstration that riluzole extended survival.  the recent negative results of the dexpramipexole Phase III study is yet another disappointing example.
1	154 2 Translation Models 2.1 Standard Phrase-based Model Most phrase-based translation models   rely on a pre-existing set of word-based alignments from which they induce their parameters.
1	The sequence Ws is thought as a noisy version of WT and the best guess I)d~ is then computed as ^ W~ = argmax P  wT = argmax P P    wT In   they propose a method for maximizing P  by estimating P  and P  and solving the problem in equation 1.
1	Statistical parsers trained on the Penn Treebank     produce trees annotated with bare phrase structure labels  .
1	The resulting intercoder reliability, measured with the Kappa statistic , is considered excellent  .
1	Labeled data for one domain might be used to train a initial classifier for another   domain, and then bootstrapping can be employed to learn new knowledge from the new domain  .
1	Some methods use sentence alignment and additional statistics to find candidate translations of terms  .
1	  show that treating U+ as a source for a new feature function in a loglinear model for SMT   allows us to maximally take advantage of unlabeled data by finding a weight for this feature using minimum error-rate training    .
1	For example, if the lexicon contains an adjective excellent, it matches every adjective phrase that includes excellent such as view-excellent etc. As a baseline, we built lexicon similarly by using polarity value of  .
1	Coling 2008: Companion volume  Posters and Demonstrations, pages 103106 Manchester, August 2008 Range concatenation grammars for translation Anders Sgaard University of Potsdam soegaard@ling.uni-potsdam.de Abstract Positive and bottom-up non-erasing binary range concatenation grammars   with at most binary predicates  -BRCGs) is a O  time strict extension of inversion transduction grammars    .
1	3 Haghighi and Kleins Coreference Model To gauge the performance of our model, we compare it with a Bayesian model for unsupervised coreference resolution that was recently proposed by Haghighi and Klein  .
1	Moreover, our approach integrates the abbreviation translation component into the baseline system in a natural way, and thus is able to make use of the minimum-error-rate training   to automatically adjust the model parameters to reflect the change of the integrated system over the baseline system.
1	2.2 Perceptron algorithm Our discriminative n-gram model training approach uses the perceptron algorithm, as presented in  , which follows the general approach presented in  .
1	The unit of utterance corresponds to the unit of segment in the original BLEU and NIST studies  .
1	The structure of the graphical model resembles IBM Model 1   in which each target   word is assigned one or more source   words.
1	This situation is very similar to the training process of translation models in statistical machine translation  , where parallel corpus is used to find the mappings between words from different languages by exploiting their co-occurrence patterns.
1	Next, we learn our polarity classifier using positive and negative reviews taken from two movie 611 review datasets, one assembled by Pang and Lee   and the other by ourselves.
2	A popular metric for evaluating machine translation quality is the Bleu score  .
1	  have build a chunker by applying transformation-based learning to sections of the Penn Treebank.
1	Consequently, we abstract away from specifying a distribution by allowing the user to assign labels to features   , Druck et al.
1	We used the preprocessed data to train the phrase-based translation model by using GIZA++   and the Pharaoh tool kit  .
1	In designing LEAF, we were also inspired by dependency-based alignment models  .
1	The translation model is estimated via the EM algorithm or approximations that are bootstrapped from the previous model in the sequence as introduced in  .
1	Training Procedure Our algorithm is a modification of the perceptron ranking algorithm  , which allows for joint learning across several ranking problems  .
2	Despite the preponderance of interview-based qualitative research, written accounts are an established methodology in health research  .
1	Most work on discriminative training for SMT has focussed on linear models, often with margin based algorithms  , or rescaling a product of sub-models  .
2	Many authors have replicated similar results with this technique and supraclavicular nerve grafting has become the standard surgical approach for these patients  .
1	Different optimization techniques are available, like the Simplex algorithm or the special Minimum Error Training as described in  .
1	Most statistical parsing research, such as Collins  , has centered on training probabilistic context-free grammars using the Penn Treebank.
1	Systems based on word-to-word lexicons, such as the IBM systems  , incorporate further devices that allow reordering of words   and ranking of alternatives  .
1	he mutual information of a pair of words is defined in terms of their co-occurrence frequency and respective occurrence frequencies  
1	In this study we have concentrated on the NPs??term extraction, which comprises the focus of interest in several studies  .
1	Our results are similar to those for conventional phrase-based models  .
1	7 In the models described in Collins  , there was a third question concerning punctuation:   Does the string contain 0, 1, 2 or more than 2 commas?
1	During training, the early update strategy of Collins and Roark   is used: when the correct state item falls out of the beam at any stage, parsing is stopped immediately, and the model is updated using the current best partial item.
1	Independently, in AI an effort arose to encode large amounts of commonsense knowledge  .
1	The Attr cells summarize the performance of the 6 models on the wiki table that are based on attributional similarity only  .
2	3 Space-Efficient Approximate Frequency Estimation Prior work on approximate frequency estimation for language models provide a no-false-negative guarantee, ensuring that counts for n-grams in the model are returned exactly, while working to make sure the false-positive rate remains small  .
1	The reader is referred to   for detailed information about phrase-based statistical machine translation.
1	In each case the input to the network is a sequence of tag-word pairs.5 5We used a publicly available tagger   to provide the tags.
0	However, attempts to retrofit syntactic information into the phrase-based paradigm have not met with enormous success  1, and purely phrase-based machine translation systems continue to outperform these syntax/phrase-based hybrids.
1	The huge increase in computational and storage cost of including longer phrases does not provide a signi cant improvement in quality   as the probability of reappearance of larger phrases decreases.
2	In our experiments, we used the Averaged Perceptron algorithm of Freund and Schapire  , a variation that has been shown to be more effective than the standard algorithm  .
1	5 Related Work Dolan   describes a method for clustering word senses with the use of information provided in the electronic version of LDOCE  .
2	When the training text is adequate to estimate the tagger parameters, more efficient stochastic taggers   and training methods can be implemented  .
1	Table 2: Corpora and Modalities CORPUS MODALITY ACE asserted, or other TIMEML must, may, should, would, or could Prasad et al., 2006 assertion, belief, facts or eventualities Saur et al., 2007 certain, probable, possible, or other Inui et al., 2008 affirm, infer, doubt, hear, intend, ask, recommend, hypothesize, or other THIS STUDY S/O, necessity, hope, possible, recommend, intend   Table 3: Markup Scheme   Tag Definition   R Remedy, Medical operation   T Medical test, Medical examination   D Deasese, Symptom   M Medication, administration of a drug   A patient action   V Other verb     2 Related Works 2.1 Previous Markup Schemes In the NLP field, fact identification has not been studied well to date.
1	For instance, instead of representing the polarity of a term using a binary value, Mullen and Collier   use Turneys   method to assign a real value to represent term polarity and introduce a variety of numerical features that are aggregate measures of the polarity values of terms selected from the document under consideration.
1	he local dependencies between sentiment labels on sentences is similar to the work of Pang and Lee   where soft local consistency constraints were created between every sentence in adocument and inference wassolved using a min-cut algorithm
1	For mutual information  , we use two different equations: one for two-element compound nouns   and the other for three-element compound nouns  .
1	On the British National Corpus  , using Lins   similarity method, we retrieve the following neighbors for the first and second sense, respectively: 1.
1	Two main extensions from that work that we are making use of are: 1) proofs falling below a user defined cost threshold halt the search 2) a simple variable typing system reduces the number of axioms written and the size of the search space  .
1	5 Augmenting the corpus with an extracted dictionary Previous research   has shown that including word aligned data during training can improve translation results.
1	his hypothesized relationship between distributional similarity and semantic similarity has given rise to a large body of work on automatic thesaurus generation  
1	Algorithms for the more difficult task of word alignment were proposed in   and were applied for parameter estimation in the IBM statistical machine translation system  .
1	We obtained word alignments of the training data by first running GIZA++   and then applying the refinement rule grow-diagfinal-and  .
2	This problematic situation was alleviated by viewing the scanned areas with a wider window, such as a bone setting.  The author of case series of human patients stated that as the window width was increased, the foreign bodies were more easily identified and better differentiated from a gas or fluid build up due to the wood’s absorptive characteristics and the duration of the injury.
1	To do this, we first identify initial phrase pairs using the same criterion as previous systems  : Definition 1.
1	Following   we can avoid unnecessary false positives by not querying for the longer n-gram in such cases.
1	Practical Model 4 systems therefore make substantial search approximations  .
2	More sophisticated first-order accounts   may be extendable to bear this load.
1	In the first set of experiments, we compare two settings of our UALIGN system with other aligners, GIZA++     and LEAF    .
1	3.1 System Tuning Minimum error training   under BLEU   was used to optimise the feature weights of the decoder with respect to the dev2006 development set.
2	Maximum Entropy   principle has been successfully applied in many classification and tagging tasks  .
1	Since no such corpus exists, researchers have used coarser features learned from smaller sets through supervised learning  , manually-de ned coreference patterns to mine speci c kinds of data  , or accepted the noise inherent in unsupervised schemes  .
1	The statistical classifier used in the experiments reported in this paper is a maximum entropy classifier  .
1	For mention detection we use approaches based on Maximum Entropy     and Robust Risk Minimization   1For a description of the ACE program see http://www.nist.gov/speech/tests/ace/.
1	Following   and other work on general-purpose generators, we adopt BLEU score  , average simple string accuracy   and percentage of exactly matched sentences for accuracy evaluation.6 For coverage evaluation, we measure the percentage of input fstructures that generate a sentence.
1	The reader is referred to   and   for details of MI clustering, but we will first briefly summarize the MI clustering and then describe our hierarchical clustering algorithm.
1	To this end we follow the method introduced by  , i.e. by sliding a window of a given size over some texts.
1	We finally move on to present more complex models which attempt to model coreference as a global discourse phenomenon  .
1	2.3 ITG Constraints The Inversion Transduction Grammar    , a derivative of the Syntax Directed Transduction Grammars  , constrains the possible permutations of the input string by defining rewrite rules that indicate permutations of the string.
2	GIZA++   is a very popular system within SMT for creating word alignment from parallel corpus, in fact, the Moses training scripts uses it.
2	Tools like Xtract   were based on the work of Church and others, but made a step forward by incorporating various statistical measurements like z-score and variance of distribution, as well as shallow linguistic techniques like part-of-speech tagging and lemmatization of input data and partial parsing of raw output.
1	5 Related Work We already discussed the relation of our work to   in Section 2.4.
1	2 Data 2.1 The US Congressional Speech Corpus The text used in the experiments is from the United States Congressional Speech corpus  , which is an XML formatted version of the electronic United States Congressional Record from the Library of Congress1.
1	The third column reports the BLEU score   along with 95% confidence interval.
1	Perhaps the most related is 86 learning as search optimization    .
1	Then, it models the correlations between the pivot features and all other features by training linear pivot predictors to predict occurrences of each pivot in the unlabeled data from both domains  .
2	It is small  , lightweight   and has been demonstrated to measure physical activity in children reliably when compared with heart rate monitoring   techniques.
1	The second voting model, a maximum entropy model  , was built as Klein and Manning   found that it yielded higher accuracy than nave Bayes in a subsequent comparison of WSD performance.
1	We use the same feature processing as Haghighi and Klein  , with the addition of context features in a window of3.
2	This algorithm and its many variants are widely used in the computational linguistics community  .
1	.2 Themaximumentropytagger The maximum entropy model used in POStagging is described in detail in Ratnaparkhi  andthePOCtaggerhereusesthesame probability model
1	We have processed the Susanne corpus   and Penn treebank   to provide tables of word and subtree alignments.
2	Substantial improvements have been made to parse western language such as English, and many powerful models have been proposed  .
2	On the other hand, high-quality treebanks such as the Penn Treebank   and the Kyoto University text corpus   have contributed to improving the accuracies of fundamental techniques for natural language processing such as morphological analysis and syntactic structure analysis.
1	This is the same separation of arguments and adjuncts as that employed by  .
1	Given this, the mutual information ratio   is expressed by Formula 1.
1	We use the semi-supervised EMD algorithm   to train the model.
1	The translation quality is evaluated by BLEU metric  , as calculated by mteval-v11b.pl with case-insensitive matching of n-grams, where n =4.
1	Our results on Chinese data confirm previous findings on English data shown in  .
1	In order to overcome this, several methods are proposed, including minimally-supervised learning methods  ), and active learning methods  ).
1	Let us now compare our results to those obtained using shallow parsing, as previously done by Grefenstette  .
1	1 Introduction Statistical language modeling has been widely used in natural language processing applications such as Automatic Speech Recognition  , Statistical Machine Translation     and Information Retrieval    .
2	  showed that the above optimization can be performed efficiently by sorting the samples xk in descending order of the score w ψ .
1	ustejovsky confronted with the problem of automatic acquisition more extensively in \ 
1	Several teams had approaches that relied   on an IBM model of statistical machine translation  , with different improvements brought by different teams, consisting of new submodels, improvements in the HMM model, model combination for optimal alignment, etc. Se-veral teams used symmetrization metrics, as introduced in    , most of the times applied on the alignments produced for the two directions sourcetarget and targetsource, but also as a way to combine different word alignment systems.
1	The significance values are obtained using the loglikelihood measure assuming a binomial distribution for the unrelatedness hypothesis  .
1	303 Wiebe, Wilson, Bruce, Bell, and Martin Learning Subjective Language While it is common in studies of collocations to omit low-frequency words and expressions from analysis, because they give rise to invalid or unrealistic statistical measures  , we are able to identify higher-precision collocations by including placeholders for unique words  .
1	We are encoding the knowledge as axioms in what is for the most part  first-order logic, described in Hobbs  , although quantification over predicates is sometimes convenient.
1	Much previous work on unsupervised grammar induction has used gold-standard partof-speech tags  .
1	For each training data size, we report the size of the resulting language model, the fraction of 5-grams from the test data that is present in the language model, and the BLEU score   obtained by the machine translation system.
1	One heuristic approach is to adapt the self-training algorithm   to our model.
1	Further details are in the original paper  .
1	As far as we know, language modeling always improves with additional training data, so we add data from the North American News Text Corpus     automatically parsed with the Charniak parser   to train our language model on up to 20 million additional words.
1	To train models, we used projectivized versions of the training dependency trees.2 1We are grateful to the providers of the treebanks that constituted the data for the shared task  .
1	We present results in the form of search error analysis and translation quality as measured by the BLEU score   on the IWSLT 06 text translation task  1, comparing Cube Pruning with our two-pass approach.
1	The agreement on identifying the boundaries of units, using the kappa statistic discussed in Carletta  , was  = .9  ; the agreement on features   was as follows: utype:  = .76; verbed:  = .9; nite:  = .81.
1	These tasks include collocation discovery  , smoothing and model estimation   and text classi cation  .
2	Averaging has been shown to help reduce overfitting  .
2	Fortunately, the convertibility rule happens to be implemented quite efficiently in Coq  , so it becomes possible to automatically prove some propositions on real numbers by simply evaluating programs.
1	Following Collins  , we used the averaged parameters from the training algorithm in decoding heldout and test examples in our experiments.
1	ichman and Schone   used a method similar to Nothman et al
2	So far, the Arianna database has been shown to provide accurate and reliable information on drug utilization  .
1	This alignment representation is a generalization of the baseline alignments described in   and allows for many-to-many alignments.
1	We combine different parametrization of   BLEU  , NIST  , and TER  , to give a total of roughly 100 features.
1	ote that Row 3 of Table 3 corresponds to Marcu and Echihabi  s system which applies only word pair features
2	u   showed that restricting word-level alignments between sentence pairs to observe syntactic bracketing constraints significantly reduces the complexity of the alignment problem and allows a polynomial-time solution
1	Work on learning with hidden variables can be used for both CRFs   and for inference based learning algorithms like those used in this work  .
1	The production rules in ITGs are of the following form  , with a notation similar to what is typically used for SDTSs and SCFGs in the right column: A    A  B1C2,B1C2 A  BC A  B1C2,C2B1 A  e | f A  e,f A  e |  A  e, A   | f A  ,f It is important to note that RHSs of production rules have at most one source-side and one targetside terminal symbol.
2	Specifically, aspect rating as an interesting topic has also been widely studied  .
1	  Hindi is a verb final, flexible word order language and therefore, has frequent occurrences of non-projectivity in its dependency structures.
2	A particularly useful tool in demonstrating the carrier mediation of this phenomenon was the use of previously injected urea analogs  , which were “pulsed” simultaneously to urea at different rates  .
2	Local adaptation may, however, be inferred in several ways, one of the most widely used being reciprocal translocation studies, where different populations are reared in a reciprocal manner in their locations of origin  .
1	Most of them were developed for exhaustive parsing, i.e., producing all parse results that are given by the grammar  .
1	This process is repeated for a number of iterations in a self-training fashion  .
1	 , mention about substrings of collocations.
1	For that purpose, syntactical  , statistical   and hybrid syntaxicostatistical methodologies   have been proposed.
1	A related example would be a version of synchronous CFG that allows only one pair of linked nonterminals and any number of unlinked nonterminals, which could be bitextparsed in O  time, whereas inversion transduction grammar   takes O .
1	In  , an undirected graphical model for constituent parse reranking uses dependency relations to define the edges.
1	Instead, we follow a simplified form of previous work on biography creation, where a classifier is trained to distinguish biographical text  .
1	4 The Experiment For our experiment, we used a tree-bank grammar induced from sections 2-21 of the Penn Wall Street Journal text  , with section 22 reserved for testing.
1	In addition, a number of approaches have focused on developing discriminative approaches for unsupervised and semi-supervised tagging  .
0	1 Introduction Currently, most of the phrase-based statistical machine translation   models   adopt full matching strategy for phrase translation, which means that a phrase pair   can be used for translating a source phrase f, only if tildewidef = f. Due to lack of generalization ability, the full matching strategy has some limitations.
1	594 2.3 Viterbi Approximation To approximate the intractable decoding problem of  , most MT systems   use a simple Viterbi approximation, y = argmax yT  pViterbi    = argmax yT  max dD  p    = Y parenleftBigg argmax dD  p  parenrightBigg   Clearly,   replaces the sum in   with a max.
1	By labelling Treeb~n~ nodes with Gr~ramar rule names, and not with phrasal and clausal n~raes, as in other   treebanks'  , we gain access to all information provided by the Grammar regarding each ~reebank node.
1	In the training phase, bilingual parallel sentences are preprocessed and aligned using alignment algorithms or tools such as GIZA++  .
1	Many statistical translation models   try to model word-to-word correspondences between source and target words.
1	Unlike  , in the shared task we used only the simplest feed-forward approximation, which replicates the computation of a neural network of the type proposed in  .
1	Part-of-Speech   annotation for example can be seen as the task of choosing the appropriate tag for a word from an ontology of word categories  ).
1	2.2 The Crossing Constraint According to  , crossing constraint can be defined in the following.
1	The parser implementation in   was used in this experiment and it was run in a mode which emulated the Collins   parser.
1	The final SMT system performance is evaluated on a uncased test set of 3071 sentences using the BLEU  , NIST   and METEOR   scores.
1	In the present work, we decided to use WSR instead of Key Stroke Ratio  , which is used in other works on IMT such as  .
1	A variety of methods are used to account for the re-ordering stage: word-based  , templatebased  , and syntax-based  , to name just a few.
1	579 The MaxEnt algorithm associates a set of weights  i=1nj=1m with the features, which are estimated during the training phase to maximize the likelihood of the data  .
1	We can sum over all non-projective spanning trees by taking the determinant of the Kirchhoff matrix of the graph defined above, minus the row and column corresponding to the root node  .
1	6 Penn Discourse Treebank   The Penn Discourse TreeBank   annotates discourse relations over the Wall Street Journal corpus  , in terms of discourse connectives and their arguments.
1	Furthermore, these systems have tackled the problem at different levels of granularity, from the document level  , sentence level  , phrase level  , as well as the speaker level in debates  .
1	We used a non-projective model, trained using an application of the matrix-tree theorem   for the first-order Czech models, and projective parsers for all other models.
1	he data set that has become standard for evaluation machine learning approaches is the one first used by Ramshaw and Marcus  
2	Indeed, researchers have shown that gigantic language models are key to state-ofthe-art performance  , and the ability of phrase-based decoders to handle large-size, high-order language models with no consequence on asymptotic running time during decoding presents a compelling advantage over CKYdecoders,whosetimecomplexitygrowsprohibitively large with higher-order language models.
2	Recently, a novel method called minimal distance maximization     was developed which does not require any weighting function.
1	The model employs a stochastic version of an inversion transduction grammar or ITG  .
2	1 Introduction State-of-the-art Statistical Machine Translation   systems usually adopt a two-pass search strategy   as shown in Figure 1.
1	 , bilingual sentences are trained by GIZA++   in two directions  .
1	The bigram translation probability t2  specifies the likelihood that target word f is to follow f in a phrase generated by source word e. 170 2.1 Properties of the Model and Prior Work The formulation of the WtoP alignment model was motivated by both the HMM word alignment model   and IBM Model-4 with the goal of building on the strengths of each.
1	First, we show how one can use an existing statistical translation model   in order to automatically derive a statistical TMEM.
0	Additionally, the results surpassed the numbers of 8–9 h of “lying down” reported in two studies on persons with moderate or severe OSAS  .
1	A limitation of Church's method, and therefore also of Dagan, Church, and Gale's method, is that orthographic cognates exist only among languages with similar alphabets  .
1	First, splitting and merging of sentences  , which seems related to content planning and aggregation.
1	SIGHAN, the Special Interest Group for Chinese Language Processing of the Association for Computational Linguistics, conducted three prior word segmentation bakeoffs, in 2003, 2005 and 2006 , which established benchmarks for word segmentation and named entity recognition.
0	With these linguistic annotations, we expect the LABTG to address two traditional issues of standard phrase-based SMT   in a more effective manner.
1	Due to its popularity for unsupervised POS induction research   and its often-used tagset, for our initial research, we use the Wall Street Journal   portion of the Penn Treebank  , with 36 tags  , and we use sections 00-18, leaving held-out data for future experiments.4 Defining frequent frames as those occurring at 4Even if we wanted child-directed speech, the CHILDES database   uses coarse POS tags.
1	In the recent years, there have been a number of papers considering this or similar problems:  ,  ,  ,  .
0	The automatically generated patterns in PairClass are slightly more general than the patterns of Turney  
1	The disambiguation model of Enju is based on a feature forest model  , which is a log-linear model   on packed forest structure.
1	Obtained percent agreement of 0.988 and  coefficient   of 0.975 suggest high convergence of both annotations.
1	The last two counts   were performed on a 29-million word parsed corpus  ).
2	As a result of this tuning, our   version of the Morce tagger gives the best accuracy among all single taggers for Czech and also very good results for English, being beaten only by the tagger     and   by  .
1	The Pearson correlation is calculated over these ten pairs  .
1	This sparse information, however, can be propagated across all data based on distributional similarity  .
2	It is the most widely reported metric in MT research, and has been shown to correlate well with human judgment  .
1	esults This algorithm was applied to a fragment of the Canadian Hansards that has been used in a number of other studies: Church   and Simard et al  
1	Results from Collins, Schapire and Singer   show that under these definitions the following guarantee holds: LogLossUpda,k, BestWtk, a C20 BestLossk, a So it can be seen that the update from a to Upda, k, BestWtk, a is guaranteed to decrease LogLoss by at least  W  k q C0  W C0 k qC16C17 2 . From these results, the algorithms in Figures 3 and 4 could be altered to take the revised definitions of W  k and W C0 k into account.
1	5.1 Evaluation of Translation Translations are evaluated on two automatic metrics: Bleu   and PER, position independent error-rate  .
1	n the following section we show how this drawback can be overcome using statistical alignments  
1	Maximum entropy estimation for translation of individual words dates back to Berger et al  , and the idea of using multi-class classifiers to sharpen predictions normally made through relative frequency estimates has been recently reintroducedundertherubricofwordsensedisambiguation and generalized to substrings  .
0	It is faster and results in quick healing.  The disadvantages associated with this technique are bleeding from incision site, post-operative pain and need of surgical pack.
1	The MLFs use reification to achieve flat expressions, very much in the line of Davidson  , Hobbs  , and Copestake et al.
1	To simplify, the plausibility of a detected esl is roughly inversely proportional to the number of mutually excluding syntactic structures in the text segment that generated the esl   for details).
1	6.2 Experimental Settings We utilize a maximum entropy   model   to design the basic classifier for WSD and TC tasks.
1	Either pruning   or lossy randomizing approaches   may result in a compact representation for the application run-time.
1	Therefore, the results are more informative than a simple agreement average  .
1	However, current sentence alignment models,  .
1	he work most similar in spirit to ours that of Turney  
2	1 Introduction Recent work in statistical machine translation   has sought to overcome the limitations of phrasebased models   by making use of syntactic information.
1	The learning algorithm follows the global strategy introduced in   and adapted in   for partial parsing tasks.
1	However, in the Grammar Association context, when developing   the basic equations of the system presented in  , it is said that the reverse model for a28 a13a37a3a38a5a39a32a21a0a35a7 does not seem to admit a simple factorization which is also correct and convenient, so crude heuristics were adopted in the mathematical development of the expression to be maximized.
2	rk   compared a number of techniques for creating similar-word sets and found that both the Jaccard coefficient and Lin  s information-theoretic metric work best
1	The weights are trained using minimum error rate training   with BLEU score as the objective function.
1	araphrases can also be automatically acquired using statistical methods as shown by Barzilay and Lee  
2	Such a construction mimics the highly effective P450 BM3, a natural chimera whose high turnover and native bacterial expression have made it a popular construction to replicate  .
2	Its success stories range from parsing   to machine translation  .
1	As the training data from DVDs is much more similar to books than that from kitchen  , we should give the data from DVDs a higher weight.
1	5.1 The baseline System used for comparison was Pharaoh  , which uses a beam search algorithm for decoding.
1	On the other hand, other authors  ) do use the expression phrase-based models.
2	But concurrently, Amazon competes with Apple on the device layer with its own Kindle eBook readers and tablets  .
1	aume III   further augments the feature space on the instances of both domains
1	We made use of the same data set as introduced in  .
1	Joint parsing with a simplest synchronous context-free grammar   is O  as opposed to the monolingual O  time.
1	No artificial glue-rules or rule span limits were employed.7 The parameters of the translation system were trained to maximize BLEU on the MT02 test set  .
1	Previous research in automatic acquisition focuscs primarily on the use of statistical techniques, such as bilingual alignment  , or extraction of syntactic constructions from online dictionaries and corpora  .
1	More recently, Haghighi and Klein   use the distinction between pronouns, nominals and proper nouns 660 in their unsupervised, generative model for coreference resolution; for their model, this is absolutely critical for achieving better accuracy.
1	Moreover, as P-DOP is formulated as an enrichment of the treebank Probabilistic Context-free Grammar  , it allows for much easier comparison to alternative approaches to statistical parsing  .
1	Current work has been spurred by two papers,   and  .
1	  study the shortest hyperpath problem and Nielsen et al
1	It forms a baseline for performance evaluations, but is prone to sparse data problems  .
1	  discuss three approaches: hand-crafted rules; grammatical inference of subsequential transducers; and log-linear classifiers with bigram and trigram features used as taggers  .
1	aoife.cahill@ims.uni-stuttgart.de and van Genabith  , which do not rely on handcrafted grammars and thus can easily be ported to new languages.
1	In computational linguistics, our pattern discovery procedure extends over previous approaches that use surface patterns as indicators of semantic relations between nouns or verbs   inter alia).
2	he gave a good description of ME model.
1	e apply the log likelihood principle   to compute this score
1	We then train IBM models   using the GIZA++ package  .
2	azama and Torisawa   improve their F-score by 3% by including a Wikipedia-based feature in their machine learner
2	1 Introduction As with many other statistical natural language processing tasks, statistical machine translation   produces high quality results when ample training data is available.
1	The model presented above is based on our previous work  , which bears the same spirit of some other recent work on multitask learning  .
1	It will also be relevant to apply advanced statistical models that can incorporate various useful information to this task, e.g., the maximum entropy model  .
2	By segmenting words into morphemes, we can improve the performance of natural language systems including machine translation   and information retrieval  .
1	3.1 Conditional Random Field for Alignment Our conditional random field   for alignment has a graphical model structure that resembles that of IBM Model 1  .
2	In fact, researchers in sentiment analysis have realized benefits by decomposing the problem into S/O and polarity classification  .
1	P-STM -l This metric corresponds to the STM metric presented by Liu and Gildea  
1	  are appealing, as they have rather simple structure, modeling only NP, VP and LCP via one-level sub-tree structure with two children, in the source parse-tree  ).
1	Each linked fragment pair consists of a source-language side and a target-language side, similar to  .
1	2.1 Heuristic Grammar Induction Grammar based SMT models almost exclusively follow the same two-stage approach to grammar induction developed for phrase-based methods  .
1	Averaging parameters is a way to reduce overfitting for perceptron training  , and is applied to all our experiments.
0	However, rat stem cells have been successfully derived only recently  , and insufficient knowledge of their properties considerably interferes with their application in this area.
2	Unigram models have been previously shown to give good results in sentiment classification tasks  : unigram representations can capture a variety of lexical combinations and distributions, including those of emotion words.
1	One possible conclusion from the POS tagging literature is that accuracy is approaching the limit, and any remaining improvement is within the noise of the Penn Treebank training data  .
0	Although, there are various manual/automatic evaluation methods for these systems, e.g., BLEU  , these methods are basically incapable of dealing with an MTsystem and a w/p-MT-system at the same time, as they have different output forms.
1	So we propose forest reranking, a technique inspired by forest rescoring   that approximately reranks the packed forest of exponentially many parses.
2	It is the P450’s unique capacity to selectively oxygenate inactive carbons that provides biosynthesis with its competitive advantage over traditional chemical approaches  .
1	4 Options from the Translation Table Phrase-based statistical machine translation methods acquire their translation knowledge in form of large phrase translation tables automatically from large amounts of translated texts  .
1	However, searching the space of all possible alignments is intractable for EM, so in practice the procedure is bootstrapped by models with narrower search space such as IBM Model 1   or Aachen HMM  .
1	Using this model, we can assign consistent probabilities to parsing results with complex structures, such as ones represented with feature structures  .
2	ICP-MS reports of sub-parts per billion detection limits, multielement analysis capabilities, and a wide linear dynamic range have made it an often used technique for wine elemental analysis  .
1	Others, such as Turney  , Pang and Vaithyanathan  , have examined the positive or negative polarity, rather than presence or absence, of affective content in text.
1	3 MaxEnt Model and Features 3.1 MaxEnt Model for NOR The principle of maximum entropy   model is that given a collection of facts, choose a model consistent with all the facts, but otherwise as uniform as possible  .
1	The parsing algorithm was CKY-style parsing with beam thresholding, which was similar to ones used in  .
1	The recurrence property had been utilized to extract keywords or key-phrases from text  .
1	The last row shows the results for the feature augmentation algorithm  .
1	As other researchers pursued efficient default unification  , we also propose another definition of default unification, which we call lenient default unification.
1	Given the parallel corpus, we tagged the English words with a publicly available maximum entropy tagger  , and we used an implementation of the IBM translation model   to align the words.
1	While Galley   describes extracting treeto-string rules from 1-best trees, Mi and Huang et al.
1	Unlike previous annotations of sentiment or subjectivity  , which typically relied on binary 0/1 annotations, we decided to use a finer-grained scale, hence allowing the annotators to select different degrees of emotional load.
1	This feature, which is based on the lexical parameters of the IBM Model 1  , provides a complementary probability for each tuple in the translation table.
1	Using techniques described in Church and Hindle  , Church and Hanks  , and Hindle and Rooth  , below are some examples of the most frequent V-O pairs from the AP corpus.
1	For example, in machine translation, BLEU score   is developed to assess the quality of machine translated sentences.
1	Our question here is not only what this relation looks like  ), but also how it compares to the reliability of other metrics.
1	One can imagine the same techniques coupled with more informative probability distributions, such as lexicalized PCFGs  , or even grammars not based upon literal rules, but probability distributions that describe how rules are built up from smaller components  .
1	There exists a variety of different metrics, e.g., word error rate, position-independent word error rate, BLEU score  , NIST score  , METEOR  , GTM  .
1	Restricting phrases to syntactic constituents has been shown to harm performance  , so we tighten our definition of a violation to disregard cases where the only point of overlap is obscured by our phrasal resolution.
1	Statistic-based algorithms based on Belief Network  such as Hidden-MarkovModel   , Lexicalized HMM  and Maximal-Entropy model  use the statistical information of a manually tagged corpus as background knowledge to tag new sentences.
1	An automatic metric which uses base forms and synonyms of the words in order to correlate better to human judgements has been 1 proposed in  .
1	In order to incorporate a new dependency which contains extra information other than the bilingual sentence pair, we modify Eq.2 by adding a new variable v: Pr  = exp   Accordingly, we get a new decision rule: a = argmax a braceleftbigg Msummationdisplay m=1 mhm  bracerightbigg   Note that our log-linear models are different from Model 6 proposed by Och and Ney  , which defines the alignment problem as finding the alignment a that maximizes Pr  given e. 3 Feature Functions In this paper, we use IBM translation Model 3 as the base feature of our log-linear models.
1	MTTK provides implementations of various alignment, models including IBM Model-1, Model-2  , HMM-based word-to-word alignment model   and HMM-based word-to-phrase alignment model  .
0	There are several indications that our protocol, although simpler than that of Mogyoros and colleagues, provides similar results in normal subjects  .
1	1 Introduction The last few decades have seen the emergence of multiple treebanks annotated with different grammar formalisms, motivated by the diversity of languages and linguistic theories, which is crucial to the success of statistical parsing  .
1	We describe a new sequence alignment model based on the averaged perceptron  , which shares with the above approaches the ability to exploit arbitrary features of the input sequences, but is distinguished from them by its relative simplicity and the incremental character of its training procedure.
0	In an evaluation on the PENN treebank  , the parser outperformed other unlexicalized PCFG parsers in terms of labeled bracketing fscore.
1	This problem will be solved by incorporating other resources such as thesaurus or a dictionary,orcombiningourmethodwithothermethods using external wider contexts  .
1	a larger number of labeled documents, its performance on this corpus is comparable to that of Support Vector Machines and Maximum Entropy models  .
1	Class based models   distinguish between unobserved cooccurrences using classes of ""similar"" words.
1	Of particular interest are lexicalized parsing models such as the ones developed by Collins   and Carroll and Rooth  .
1	Previous SMT systems   used a word-based translation model which assumes that a sentence can be translated into other languages by translating each word into one or more words in the target language.
1	This model can be seen as an extension of the standard Maximum Entropy Markov Model  ) with an extra dependency on the predicate label, we will henceforth refer to this model as MEMM+pred.
1	The results are comparable to other results reported using the Inside/Outside method   (see Table 7.
1	ang et al   considered the same problem and presented a set of supervised machine learning approaches to it
1	6 Comparison With Previous Work The two parsers which have previously reported the best accuracies on the Penn Treebank Wall St. Journal are the bigram parser described in   and the SPATTER parser described in  .
2	Lins   information-theoretic similarity measure is commonly used in lexicon acquisition tasks and has demonstrated good performance in unsupervised WSD  .
1	The average senior high school student achieves 57% correct  .
2	…of NMDAR antagonists have been suggested to be highly useful models of the cognitive impairment in schizophrenia  .
2	1 Introduction During the last four years, various implementations and extentions to phrase-based statistical models   have led to significant increases in machine translation accuracy.
1	The feature weights are tuned using minimum error rate training   to optimize BLEU score on a held-out development set.
1	aximum Entropy models implement the intuition that the best model is the one that is consistent with the set of constraints imposed by the evidence but otherwise is as uniform as possible  
2	Recently, there have existed several automatic fixing techniques for atomicity violations, which can provide soundness guarantees  .
2	1 Introduction Och   introduced minimum error rate training   for optimizing feature weights in statistical machine translation   models, and demonstrated that it produced higher translation quality scores than maximizing the conditional likelihood of a maximum entropy model using the same features.
2	This method led to improvement in the decoding speed as well as the output accuracy for English POS tagging  .
1	We use the standard minimum error-rate training   to tune the feature weights to maximize the systems BLEU score on the dev set.
1	It is also possible to train statistical models using unlabeled data with the expectation maximization algorithm  .
1	Our approach to STC uses a thesaurus based on corpus statistics   for real-valued similarity calculation.
1	Decoding used beam search with the cube pruning algorithm  .
1	Recently, some work has been done on corpusbased paraphrase extraction  .
1	  can be used to motivate a novel class-based language model and a regularized version of minimum discrimination information   models  .
1	Experimenting with other effective reranking algorithms, such as SVMs   and MaxEnt  , is also a direction of our future research.
1	3.1 Data The starting corpus we use is formed by a mix of three different sources of data, namely the Penn Treebank corpus  , the Los Angeles Times collection, as provided during TREC conferences1, and Open Mind Common Sense2, a collection of about 400,000 commonsense assertions in English as contributed by volunteers over the Web.
0	Further, we establish that our models have fewer parameters   and so are easier to train than methods like  .
2	This kind of smoothing has also been used in the generative parser of   and has been shown to have a relatively good performance for language modeling  .
0	For the CIFAR-10 dataset, the DNN architecture adopted by Carlini and Wagner is not state-of-the-art. erefore, we do not adopt their DNN architecture for the CIFAR-10 dataset.
1	This includes the automatic generation of sense-tagged data using monosemous relatives  , automatically bootstrapped disambiguation patterns  , parallel texts as a way to point out word senses bearing different translations in a second language  , and the use of volunteer contributions over the Web  .
2	We view this as a particularly promising aspect of our work, given that phrase-based systems such as Pharaoh   perform better with higher recall alignments.
1	Forced decoding arises in online discriminative training, where model updates are made toward the most likely derivation of a gold translation  .
1	Most of them rely on the concept of alignment: a mapping from words or groups of words in a sentence into words or groups in the other   the mapping goes from rules in a grammar for a language into rules of a grammar for the other language).
1	In our experiments, we used the Hidden Markov Model   tagging method described in \ .
1	Thus, conventional methods had to introduce some kinds of restrictions such as the limitation of the kind of chains or the length of chains to be extracted  .
1	We symmetrized bidirectional alignments using the growdiag-final heuristic  .
1	For example, Animal would be mapped to Aa, G.M. would again be mapped to A.A The tagger was applied and trained in the same way as described in  .
1	1 Introduction The goal of this study has been to automatically extract a large set of hyponymy relations, which play a critical role in many NLP applications, such as Q&A systems  .
1	Various machine learning approaches have been proposed for chunking  .
1	ang and Lee   use a graph-based technique to identify and analyze only subjective parts of texts
1	REALM uses an HMM trained on a large corpus to help determine whether the arguments of a candidate relation are of the appropriate type  .
1	We use GIZA++   to do m-to-n word-alignment and adopt heuristic grow-diag-final-and to do refinement.
1	These transtbr rules are pairs of corresponding rooted substructures, where a substructure   is a connected set of arcs and nodes.
1	A perceptron algorithm gives 97.11%  .
1	In both cases there 1Alternatively, decisions from the sentence classifier can guide which input is seen by the document level classifier  .
1	Furthermore, the underlying decoding strategies are too time consuming for our application We therefore use a translation model based on the simple linear interpolation given in equation 2 which combines predictions of two translation models -Ms and M~ -both based on IBM-like model 2 .
2	This represents the translation probability of a phrase when it is decomposed into a series of independent word-for-word translation steps  , and has proven a very effective feature  .
1	As described in Section 3 we retrieved neighbors using Lins   similarity measure on a RASP parsed   version of the BNC.
1	If POS denotes the POS of the English word, we can define the word-to-word distance measure   as POS POS   Ratnaparkhis POS tagger   was used to obtain POS tags for each word in the English sentence.
1	1 Empty categories however seem different, in that, for the most part, their location and existence is determined, not by observable data, but by explicitly constructed linguistic principles, which 1 Both Collins   and Higgins   are explicit about this predisposition.
0	Despite relying on a the same concept, our approach outperforms BE in most comparisons, and it often achieves higher correlations with human judgments than the string-matching metric ROUGE  .
1	However, if we are willing to accept that occasionally our model will be unable to distinguish between distinct n-grams, then it is possible to store each parameter in constant space independent of both n and the vocabulary size  ,  .
1	The factored translation model combines features in a log-linear fashion  .
1	Collins and Roark   used the averaged perceptron  .
1	Weights on the components were assigned using the   method for max-BLEU training on the development set.
1	For example, in our previous work  , we have used a statistical translation memory of phrases in conjunction with a statistical translation model  .
1	For evaluation we have selected a set of 8 metric variants corresponding to seven different families: BLEU    , NIST    , GTM F1-measure    , 1-WER  , 1-PER  , ROUGE     and METEOR3  .
1	Dialogs Speakers Turns Words Fragments Distinct Words Distinct Words/POS Singleton Words Singleton Words/POS Intonational Phrases Speech Repairs 98 34 6163 58298 756 859 1101 252 350 10947 2396 Table 1: Size of the Trains Corpus 2.1 POS Annotations Our POS tagset is based on the Penn Treebank tagset  , but modified to include tags for discourse markers and end-of-turns, and to provide richer syntactic information  .
1	272 Similarity-based estimation was first used for language modeling in the cooccurrence smoothing method of Essen and Steinbiss  , derived from work on acoustic model smoothing by Sugawara et al.
1	There have been a number of methods proposed in the literature to address the word clustering problem  ).
1	5.1 Experimental setup The baseline model was Hiero with the following baseline features  :  two language models  phrase translation probabilities p  and p   lexical weighting in both directions    word penalty  penalties for:  automatically extracted rules  identity rules    two classes of number/name translation rules  glue rules The probability features are base-100 logprobabilities.
1	A sinfilar approach has been chosen by  .
1	These heuristics are extensions of those developed for phrase-based models  , and involve symmetrising two directional word alignments followed by a projection step which uses the alignments to find a mapping between source words and nodes in the target parse trees  .
1	Manual processes, such as lexicon development could be automated in the future using standard contextbased, word distribution methods  , or other corpus-based techniques.
1	The original Ramshaw and Marcus   publication evaluated their NP chunker on two data sets, the second holding a larger amount of training data   while using 00 as test data.
1	Since word senses are often associated with domains  , word senses can be consequently distinguished by way of determining the domain of each description.
1	 , 1We are overloading the word state to mean Arabic word position.
1	Hindle uses the observed frequencies within a specific syntactic pattern   to derive a cooccu,> rence score which is an estimate of mutual information  .
1	  have introduced a convenient data representation for chunking by converting it to a tagging task.
1	2.2 Automatic evaluation metric Since the official evaluation criterion for WMT09 is human sentence ranking, we chose to minimize a linear combination of two common evaluation metrics, BLEU and TER  , during system development and tuning: TERBLEU 2 Although we are not aware of any work demonstrating that this combination of metrics correlates better than either individually in sentence ranking, Yaser Al-Onaizan   reports that it correlates well with the human evaluation metric HTER.
1	Specifically, we explore the statistical term weighting features of the word generation model with Support Vector machine  , faithfully reproducing previous work as closely as possible  .
1	1 Introduction Bilingual word alignment is first introduced as an intermediate result in statistical machine translation    .
1	For instance, implementing an efficient version of the MXPOST POS tagger   will simply involve composing and configuring the appropriate text file reading component, with the sequential tagging component, the collection of feature extraction components and the maximum entropy model component.
1	Various corpus-based approaches to word sense disambiguation have been proposed  .
1	See   for additional work using perceptron algorithms to train tagging models, and a more thorough description of the theory underlying the perceptron algorithm applied to ranking problems.
0	In general, these authors have found that existing lexicalized parsing models for English   do not straightforwardly generalize to new languages; this typically manifests itself in a severe reduction in parsing performance compared to the results for English.
1	To avoid this problem, generative models for NLP tasks have often been manually designed to achieve an appropriate representation of the joint distribution, such as in the parsing models of  .
1	The state of a left-corner parser does capture some linguistic generalizations  , but one might still expect sparse-data problems.
1	3.5 The Experiments We have ran LexTract on the one-millionword English Penn Treebank   and got two Treebank grammars.
1	These problems formulations are similar to those studied in   and  , respectively.
1	Co-occurrence information between neighboring words and words in the same sentence has been used in phrase extraction  , phrasal translation  , target word selection  , domain word translation  , sense disambiguation  , and even recently for query translation in cross-language IR as well  .
1	4.1 Experimental Setup Like several previous work  , Pang and Lee  , Whitelaw et al.
2	The diagnosis of autism was established through administration of two widely used research instruments, the Autism Diagnostic Interview     and the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule-Generic   and were verified by expert clinical opinion.
0	As one can see in Table 4, the resulting parser ranks among the best lexicalized parsers, beating those of Collins   and Charniak and Johnson  .8 Its F1 performance is a 27% reduction in error over Matsuzaki et al.
1	he features that define the constraints on the model are obtained by instantiation of feature templates as in Ratnaparkhi  
1	In our experiments, we used the full parse output from Collins parser  , in which every non-terminal node is already annotated with head information.
1	BABAR uses the log-likelihood statistic   to evaluate the strength of a co-occurrence relationship.
1	4.1 Data Sets Our results are based on syntactic data drawn from the Penn Treebank  , specifically the portion used by CoNLL 2000 shared task  .
1	In most statistical machine translation   models  , some of measure words can be generated without modification or additional processing.
1	The maximum entropy classier   used is Le Zhang's Maximum Entropy Modeling Toolkit and the L-BFGS parameter estimation algorithm with gaussian prior smoothing  .
2	Sunitinib is one of several agents, including sorafenib, bevacizumab, and temsirolimus, which target the inhibition of pro-angiogenic growth factor activity and have shown favorable results in clinical trials against metastatic clear-cell RCC  .
1	It is possible that there is a better automated method for finding such phrases, such as the methods in  .
1	Bilingual lexicographers can work with bilingual concordancing software that can point them to instances of any link type induced from a bitext and display these instances sorted by their contexts  .
2	Hunter take rates Hunter take   is a widely applied method for assessing relative abundance of wildlife, including wild swine  .
1	The probabilities are ordered according to, at least my, intuition with pronoun being the most likely  , followed by proper nouns  , followed by common nouns  , a fact also noted by  .
1	In each case the input to the network is a sequence of tag-word pairs.2 We report results for two different vocabulary sizes, varying in the frequency with which tag-word pairs must 2We used a publicly available tagger   to provide the tags.
1	4 The Experiments For the experiments, we used PropBank   along with PennTreeBank5 2    .
1	In  , the authors use the transcripts of debates from the US Congress to automatically classify speeches as supporting or opposing a given topic by taking advantage of the voting records of the speakers.
1	Some studies have been done for acquiring collocation translations using parallel corpora  .
1	There have been many statistical measures which estimate co-occurrence and the degree of association in previous researches, such as mutual information  , t-score  , dice matrix  .
1	Other similar work includes the mention detection   task   and joint probabilistic model of coreference  .
1	Despite the above differences, since the theorems of convergence and their proof   are only dependent on the feature vectors, and not on the source of the feature definitions, the perceptron algorithm is applicable to the training of our CWS model.
1	Sentiment classification is a well studied problem   and in many domains users explicitly 1We use the term aspect to denote properties of an object that can be rated by a user as in Snyder and Barzilay  .
1	Our story makes use of a weighted formalism known as quasi-synchronous grammar  , originally developed by D. Smith and Eisner   for machine translation.
1	Finally, methods in the literature more focused on a specific disambiguation task include statistical methods for the attachment of hyponyms under the most likely hypernym in the WordNet taxonomy  , structural approaches based on semantic clusters and distance metrics  , supervised machine learning methods for the disambiguation of meronymy relations  , etc. 6 Conclusions In this paper we presented a novel approach to disambiguate the glosses of computational lexicons and machine-readable dictionaries, with the aim of alleviating the knowledge acquisition bottleneck.
1	6 Training Similar to most state-of-the-art phrase-based SMT systems, we use the SRI toolkit   for language model training and Giza++ toolkit   for word alignment.
1	Our approach is based on earlier work on LFG semantic form extraction   and recent progress in automatically annotating the Penn-II treebank with LFG f-structures  .
2	7 Related Work Unannotated texts have been used successfully for a variety of NLP tasks, including named entity recognition  , subjectivity classification  , text classification  , and word sense disambiguation  .
1	However, there is little agreement on what types of knowledge are helpful: Some suggestions concentrate on lexical information, e.g., by the integration of word similarity information as in Meteor   or MaxSim  .
1	Since it is not feasible to maximise the likelihood of the observations directly, we maximise the expected log likelihood by considering the EM auxiliary function, in a similar manner to that used for modelling contextual variations of phones for ASR  .
1	The results so far mainly come from studies where a parser originally developed for English,such as the Collins parser  , is applied to a new language,which often leads to a signicant decrease in the measured accuracy  .
1	For determining whether an opinion sentence is positive or negative, we have used seed words similar to those produced by   and extended them to construct a much larger set of semantically oriented words with a method similar to that proposed by  .
2	This algorithm appears fairly widely known: it was described by Goodman   and Finkel et al   and used by Ding et al  , and is very similar to other dynamic programming algorithms for CFGs, so we only summarize it here.
1	We measure this association using pointwise Mutual Information    .
1	Not only is this beneficial in terms of parsing complexity, but smaller rules can also improve a translation models ability to generalize to new data  .
1	Then the two models and a search module are used to decode the best translation  .
1	From the same treebank, Cahill and van Genabith   automatically extracted wide-coverage LFG approximations for a PCFG-based generation model.
1	3.1 Learning Chunk-based Translation We learn chunk alignments from a corpus that has been word-aligned by a training toolkit for wordbased translation models: the Giza++   toolkit for the IBM models  .
1	We have also used TPTs to encode n-gram count databases such as the Google 1T web n-gram database  , but are not able to provide detailed results within the space limitations of this paper.4 5.1 Perplexity computation with 5-gram language models We compared the performance of TPT-encoded language models against three other language model implementations: the SRI language modeling toolkit  , IRSTLM  , and the language model implementation currently used in the Portage SMT system  , which uses a pointer-based implementation but is able to perform fast LM filtering at load time.
1	As comparison, Turney and Littman   used seed sets consisting of 7 words in their word valence annotation experiments, while Turney   used minimal seed sets consisting of only one positive and one negative word   in his experiments on review classification.
1	These later inductive phases may rely on some level of a priori knowledge, like for example the naive case relations used in the ARIOSTO_LEX system  .
2	Furthermore, we combined learning rate annealing with embedding batch normalization, the latter of which has been proven to help the model train faster and allow faster learning  .
1	METEOR uses the Porter stemmer and synonymmatching via WordNet to calculate recall and precision more accurately  .
1	2This can explain why previous attempts to use WordNet for generating sentence-level paraphrases   were unsuccessful.
0	The proposed model and that of Pitsch   slightly overpredict the flame surface area ratio for small filter sizes, and slightly underpredict it for large filter sizes.
1	To cope with this problem we 898 use the concept of class proposed for a word n-gram model  .
0	However, this method is more sophisticated to implement than the previous method and binarizability ratio decreases on freer word-order languages  .
1	he reader is referred to Schmid   and Collins   for details
1	For example, many statistical part-of-speech   taggers have been developed and they use corpora as the training data to obtain statistical information or rules  .
2	Pupillometry has been proposed as a simple and sensitive tool to detect subclinical autonomic dysfunction  .
1	consistency among raters who may have different levels of fluency in the source language, raters are not shown the original French or Spanish sentence  .
1	e used Collins   statistical parser trained on examples from the Penn Treebank to generate parses of the same format for the sentences in our data
1	See Collins   for an application of the boosting approach to named entity recognition, and Walker, Rambow, and Rogati   for the application of boosting techniques for ranking in the context of natural language generation.
1	3 Synchronous Binarization Optimization by Cost Reduction As discussed in Section 1, binarizing an SCFG in a fixed   way   may lead to a large number of competing edges and consequently high risk of making search errors.
1	We build phrase translations by first acquiring bidirectional GIZA++   alignments, and using Moses grow-diag alignment symmetrization heuristic.1 We set the maximum phrase length to a large value  , because some segmenters described later in this paper will result in shorter 1In our experiments, this heuristic consistently performed better than the default, grow-diag-final.
1	??queries: The queries of Turney   are made up of a pair of adjectives, and in our approach the query contains the content words of the headline and an emotion.
1	The process of phrase extraction is difficult to optimize in a non-discriminative setting: many heuristics have been proposed  , but it is not obvious which one should be chosen for a given language pair.
2	Aside from purely linguistic interest, bracket structure has been empirically shown to be highly effective at constraining subsequent training of, for example, stochastic context-free grammars  .
1	Discriminatively trained parsers that score entire trees for a given sentence have only recently been investigated  .
2	Among them, the unsupervised algorithm using decisiontrees   has achieved promising performance.
1	Pang et al. proposed a method of classifying movie reviews into positive and negative ones  .
1	L1 or Lasso regularization of linear models, introduced by Tibshirani  , embeds feature selection into regularization so that both an assessment of the reliability of a feature and the decision about whether to remove it are done in the same framework, and has generated a large amount of interest in the NLP community recently  .
1	But there is also extensive research focused on including linguistic knowledge in metrics   among others.
1	all-Street Journal   Sections 15-18 and 20 were used by Ramshaw and Marcus   as training and test data respectively for evaluating their base-NP chunker
2	Biological hydrogen production via anaerobic fermentation is renewable, and may be sustainable and energy efficient  .
2	Automated metrics such as BLEU  , RED  , Weighted N-gram model    , syntactic relation / semantic vector model   have been shown to correlate closely with scoring or ranking by different human evaluation parameters.
1	Dunning   has called attention to the log-likelihood ratio, G 2, as appropriate for the analysis of such contingency tables, especially when such contingency tables concern very low frequency words.
1	It has been shown that both Nave Bayes and SVMs perform with similar accuracy on different sentiment tagging tasks  .
1	Our MT experiments use a re-implementation of Moses   called Phrasal, which provides an easier API for adding features.
1	We have observed in several experiments that the number of SuperARVs does not grow signi cantly as training set size increases; the moderate-sized Resource Management corpus   with 25,168 words produces 328 SuperARVs, compared to 538 SuperARVs for the 1 million word Wall Street Journal   Penn Treebank set  , and 791 for the 37 million word training set of the WSJ continuous speech recognition task.
1	The assumptions we made were the following:  a lexical token in one half of the translation unit   corresponds to at most one non-empty lexical unit in the other half of the TU; this is the 1:1 mapping assumption which underlines the work of many other researchers  , Brew and McKelvie  , Hiemstra  , Kay and Rscheisen  , Tiedmann  , Melamed   etc);  a polysemous lexical token, if used several times in the same TU, is used with the same meaning; this assumption is explicitly used by Gale and Church  , Melamed   and implicitly by all the previously mentioned authors;  a lexical token in one part of a TU can be aligned to a lexical token in the other part of the TU only if the two tokens have compatible types  ; in most cases, compatibility reduces to the same POS, but it is also possible to define other compatibility mappings  ;  although the word order is not an invariant of translation, it is not random either  ); when two or more candidate translation pairs are equally scored, the one containing tokens which are closer in relative position are preferred.
1	1 Introduction Nowadays, statistical machine translation is mainly based on phrases  .
1	ther background on this method of hypothesis testing the reader is referred to  .
1	The two systems we use are ENGCG   and the Xerox Tagger  .
2	There are basically two kinds of systems working at these segmentation levels: the most widespread rely on statistical models, in particular the IBM ones  ; others combine simpler association measures with different kinds of linguistic information  .
1	Grefenstette   studied two context delineation methods of English nouns: the window-based and the syntactic, whereby all the different types of syntactic dependencies of the nouns were used in the same feature space.
1	It is possible to use unsupervised learning to train stochastic taggers without the need for a manually annotated corpus by using the Baum-Welch algorithm \ .
1	More specically, they used a parser   to determine the constituent structure of the sentences from which the grammatical function for each NP was derived.
2	In this spirit, we introduce a generalization of the classic k-gram models, widely used for string processing  , to the case of trees.
1	Many methods for calculating the similarity have been proposed  .
1	Introduction Word sense disambiguation has long been one of the major concerns in natural language processing area  , whose aim is to identify the correct sense of a word in a particular context, among all of its senses defined in a dictionary or a thesaurus.
1	Dependency Treebank  , and in Figure 2, for an English sentence taken from the Penn Treebank  .
1	In  , different word orderings are taken into account by training alignment models by considering all hypothesis pairs as a parallel corpus using GIZA++  .
1	Pereira et al. , Curran and Moens   and Lin   use syntactic features in the vector definition.
1	Probability estimates of the RHS given the LHS are often smoothed by making a Markov assumption regarding the conditional independence of a category on those more than k categories away  : P = P  nY i=2 P   P  nY i=2 P .
1	To measure the coherence of sentences, we use a statistical parser Toolkit   to assign each sentence a parsers score that is the related log probability of parsing.
1	The data consists of sections of the Wall Street Journal part of the Penn TreeBank  , with information on predicate-argument structures extracted from the PropBank corpus  .
1	Usually in 1 In our experiments, we set negative PMI values to 0, because Church and Hanks  , in their seminal paper on word association ratio, show that negative PMI values are not expected to be accurate unless co-occurrence counts are made from an extremely large corpus.
1	We dealt with this by either limiting the translation probability from the null word   at the hypothetical 0-position  over a threshold during the EM training, or setting SHo   to a small probability 7r instead of 0 for the initial null hypothesis H0.
1	Jiao et al. propose semi-supervised conditional random fields   that try to maximize the conditional log-likelihood on the training data and simultaneously minimize the conditional entropy of the class labels on the unlabeled data.
1	A similar soft projection of dependencies was used in supervised machine translation by Smith and Eisner  , who used a source sentences dependency paths to bias the generation of its translation.
1	Semantic DSN: The construction of this network is inspired by  .
2	1 Introduction Phrase-based translation   and hierarchical phrase-based translation   are the state of the art in statistical machine translation   techniques.
0	In addition, although the C-terminal cleavage fragment activates cytokine production elicited by CpG-DNA or NF-kB signaling, the levels of TNF-a production or NF-kB activation seem to be lower than those seen with full-length TLR9  .
1	im and Hovy   integrated verb information from FrameNet and incorporated it into semantic role labeling
2	Bilexical context-free grammars have been presented in   as an abstraction of language models that have been adopted in several recent real-world parsers, improving state-of-the-art parsing accuracy  .
1	Even for semantically predictable phrases, the fact that the words occur in fixed patterns can be very useful for the purposes of disambiguation, as demonstrated by  .
2	For our experiments, we chose GIZA++   and the RA approach   the best known alignment combination technique as our initial aligners.1 4.2 TBL Templates Our templates consider consecutive words   in both languages.
1	it constitutes a bijection between source and target sentence positions, since the intersecting alignments are functions according to their definition in   3.
2	The maximum entropy approach   is known to be well suited to solve the classification problem.
1	Dunning 1993), make use of both positive and negative instances of performing a task.
1	Because of this, it is generally accepted that some kind of postprocessing should be performed to improve the final result, by shortening, fusing, or otherwise revising the material  .
1	In contrast, the C&C tagger, which is based on that of Ratnaparkhi  , utilizes a wide range of features and a larger contextual window including the previous two tags and the two previous and two following words.
1	As with the graph-based parser, we use the discriminative perceptron   to train the transition-based model  .
0	Our system improves over the latent named-entity tagging in Haghighi and Klein  , from 61% to 87%.
1	Hierarchical rules were extracted from a subset which has about 35M/41M words5, and the rest of the training data were used to extract phrasal rules as in  .
1	The first is a baseline of sorts, our own version of the ""chunking as tagging"" approach introduced by Ramshaw and Marcus  .
1	A maximum entropy approach has been applied to partof-speech tagging before  , but the approach's ability to incorporate nonlocal and non-HMM-tagger-type evidence has not been fully explored.
2	Moreover, phytochelatins have been found to be more effective at preventing oxidative stress than GSH  .
2	  compares his method to   and shows that for four words the former performs significantly better in distinguishing between two senses.
2	A large number of possible routes can exist between any two compounds, particularly those that feature in multiple pathways, and so tools such as KEGG PathComp   have been created to automatically perform these searches quickly and efficiently.
1	Whereas most of the work on English has been based on constituency-based representations,partly inuenced by the availability of data resources such as the Penn Treebank  ,it has been argued that free constituent order languages can be analyzed more adequately using dependency-based representations,which is also the kind of annotation found, for example,in the Prague Dependency Treebank of Czech  .
1	Examples are the Penn Treebank   for American English annotated at the University of Pennsylvania, the French treebank   developed in Paris, the TIGER Corpus   for German annotated at the Universities of Saarbrcurrency1ucken and This research was funded by a German Science Foundation grant  .
2	The conceptually simplest approach to this latter problem is probably Turneys  , who has obtained interesting results on Task 2 by considering the algebraic sum of the orientations of terms as representative of the orientation of the document they belong to; but more sophisticated approaches arealsopossible  .
0	The utility of ITG as a reordering constraint for most language pairs, is well-known both empirically   and analytically  , howeverITGsstraight  andinverted   rules exhibit strong cohesiveness, which is inadequate to express orientations that require gaps.
1	Section 4 concludes the paper with a critical assessment of the proposed approach and a discussion of the prospects for application in the construction of corpora comparable in size and quality to existing treebanks   or the TIGER Treebank for German  ).
1	Klein and Manning   argue for CL on grounds of accuracy, but see also Johnson  .
2	The United States National Lung Screening Trial   has reported an encouraging 20% reduction in lung cancer mortality with low-dose CT screening over chest X-ray screening  .
1	By core phrases, we mean the kind of nonrecursive simplifications of the NP and VP that in the literature go by names such as noun/verb groups   or chunks, and base NPs  .
1	5 The SemCor collection   is a subset of the Brown Corpus and consists of 352 news articles distributed into three sets in which the nouns, verbs, adverbs, and adjectives have been manually tagged with their corresponding WordNet senses and part-of-speech tags using Brills tagger  .
1	Unlike our technique, in most cases researchers have focused on the scenario where labeled training data is available in both the source and the target domain  ).
2	responsible on their own, and consider policy intervention a more effective solution  .
0	  compare taggers trained and tested on the Wall Street Journal   and the Lancaster-Oslo-Bergen   corpora and find that the results for the WSJ perform significantly worse.
1	Treebanks have been used within the field of natural language processing as a source of training data for statistical part og speech taggers   and for statistical parsers  .
1	However, with their system trained on the medical corpus and then tested on the Wall Street Journal corpus  , they achieve an overall prediction accuracy of only 54%.
1	BLEU   was devised to provide automatic evaluation of MT output.
1	One is distortion model   which penalizes translations according to their jump distance instead of their content.
1	2 Background 2.1 Hybrid Logic Dependency Semantics Hybrid Logic Dependency Semantics   is an ontologically promiscuous   framework for representing the propositional content   of an expression as an ontologically richly sorted, relational structure.
1	This is the best automatically learned part-of-speech tagging result known to us, representing an error reduction of 4.4% on the model presented in Collins  , using the same data splits, and a larger error reduction of 12.1% from the more similar best previous loglinear model in Toutanova and Manning  .
1	Each word i in the context vector of w is then weighted with a measure of its association with w. We chose the loglikelihood ratio test,  , to measure this association the context vectors of the target words are then translated with our general bilingual dictionary, leaving the weights unchanged   the similarity of each source word s, for each target word t, is computed on the basis of the cosine measure the similarities are then normalized to yield a probabilistic translation lexicon, P .
1	A total of 216 collocations were extracted, shown in Appendix A. We compared the collocations in Appendix A with the entries for the above 10 words in the NTC's English Idioms Dictionary    , which contains approximately 6000 definitions of idioms.
1	We further note that our results are different from that of   as they use extensive feature engineering and weight tuning during the graph generation process that we have not been able to reproduce.
2	Trials reported successful models of collaborative care which commonly involved a PCP, a mental health professional and a case manager  .
1	In particular, most of the work on parsing with kernel methods has focussed on kernels over parse trees  .
1	We utilize maximum entropy   model   to design the basic classifier used in active learning for WSD and TC tasks.
1	1 Introduction: Defining SCMs The work presented here was done in the context of phrase-based MT  .
1	Recently, in the area of parsers based oll a. stochastic context-fi:ee grammar  , some researchers have pointed out the importance of t.he lexicon and proposed lexiealized models  .
1	Moreover, under this view, SMT becomes quite similar to sequential natural language annotation problems such as part-of-speech tagging and shallow parsing, and the novel training algorithm presented in this paper is actually most similar to work on training algorithms presented for these task, e.g. the on-line training algorithm presented in   and the perceptron training algorithm presented in  .
2	This is achieved by initializing the preference vector with the expression levels of the genes in the bicluster at each particular time point and diffuse them using a random walk based on the heat kernel rank, recently shown to perform better in comparison to PageRank  .
1	For each word in the LDV, we consulted three existing thesauri: Rogets Thesaurus  , Collins COBUILD Thesaurus  , and WordNet  .
1	Others try to accommodate both syntactic and lexical differences between the candidate translation and the reference, like CDER  , which employs a version of edit distance for word substitution and reordering; or METEOR  , which uses stemming and WordNet synonymy.
1	For a detailed description of each algorithm, readers are referred to Collins   for the boosting algorithm, Collins   for perceptron learning, and Gao et al.
1	We compare TERp with BLEU  , METEOR  , and TER  .
1	146 2.3 Approximating ISBNs   proposes two approximations for inference in ISBNs, both based on variational methods.
1	4 Dependency Parsing: Baseline 4.1 Learning Model and Features According to  , all data-driven models for dependency parsing that have been proposed in recent years can be described as either graph-based or transition-based.
1	The need for some way to model aspects of syntactic behavior, such as the tendency of constituents to move together as a unit, is widely recognizedthe role of syntactic units is well attested in recent systematic studies of translation  , and their absence in phrase-based models is quite evident when looking at MT system output.
1	Many-to-many alignments can be created by combining two GIZA++ alignments, one where English generates Foreign and another with those roles reversed  .
1	In training process, we use GIZA++ 4 toolkit for word alignment in both translation directions, and apply grow-diag-final method to refine it  .
1	For English, we used the Penn Treebank version 3.0   and extracted dependency relations by applying the head-finding rules of  .
1	-X I-X 0 first word of a chunk of type X non-initial word in an X chunk word outside of any chunk This representation type is based on a representation proposed by Ramshaw and Marcus   for noun phrase chunks
1	 , Yarowsky  , and Karol & Edelman   where strong reliance on statistical techniques for the calculation of word and context similarity commands large source corpora.
0	Our experiments demonstrate that the proposed framework better encapsulates semantic or category-level shape information while requiring less supervision or relatively inexpensive weak supervision compared to prior works  .
1	Johnson   reports results for different numbers of hidden states but it is unclear how to make this choice a priori, while Goldwater & Griffiths   leave this question as future work.
2	Synchronization is the most commonly-used method  .
0	Like WASP1, the phrase extraction algorithm of PHARAOH is based on the output of a word alignment model such as GIZA++  , which performs poorly when applied directly to MRLs  .
1	However, the study of Weeds and Weir   provides interesting insights into what makes a good distributional similarity measure in the contexts of semantic similarity prediction and language modeling.
1	ethod Number of frames Number of verbs Linguistic resources F-Score   Coverage on a corpus C. Manning   19 200 POS tagger + simple finite state parser 58 T. Briscoe & J. Carroll   161 14 Full parser 55 A. Sarkar & D. Zeman   137 914 Annotated treebank 88 D. Kawahara et al
1	Nevertheless, EM sometimes fails to find good parameter values.2 The reason is that EM tries to assign roughly the same number of word tokens to each of the hidden states  .
2	These studies have also demonstrated increased proteasome inhibition and improved pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic parameters for ixazomib  .
1	Even robust parsers using linguistically sophisticated formalisms, such as TAG  , CCG  , HPSG   and LFG  , often use training data derived from the Penn Treebank.
1	Some examples of language reuse include collocation analysis  , the use of entire factual sentences extracted from corpora  , and summarization using sentence extraction  .
1	4.2 Features For our experiments, we use a feature set analogous to the default feature set of Pharaoh  .
1	he optimal bilingual parsing tree for a given sentence-pair can be computed using dynamic programming   algorithm 
1	3.1 Binarizable segmentations   Following  , every sequence of phrase alignments can be viewed 1For example, if the cut-off on phrase pairs is ten words, all sentence pairs smaller than ten words in the training data will be included as phrase pairs as well.
2	…“bicarbonate concentration threshold”   and without at least partial recovery of blood pHe  . remarkably, some of the most CO2 tolerant fishes studied to date tightly regulate the pHi of vital…
1	  used the Base-NP tag set as presented in  : I for inside a Base-NP, O for outside a Base-NP, and B for the first word in a Base-NP following another Base-NP.
1	By associating natural language with concepts as they are entered into a knowledge A Model Of Semantic Analysis All of the following discussion is based on a model of semantic analysis similar to that proposed in  .
1	It was later applied by   as a way to determine if a sequence of N words   came from an independently distributed sample.
2	Still, the general notion that interference is mainly due to cue overload at the time of retrieval lived on, despite the fact that multiple efforts to demonstrate that cue-overload effects apply to everyday forgetting   generally suggested just the opposite  . In fact, the only reason to believe that cue-overload effects play any role at all in everyday forgetting is that almost everyone can point to a few examples from their own lives where it surely does. But the mere fact that cue-overload effects sometimes play a role does not mean that the role is a substantial one. Summarizing the state of the art late in his career, Underwood   said: ‘‘A relatively few years ago it seemed that a fairly comprehensive theoretical account of forgetting was close at hand,
1	We utilize a maximum entropy   model   to design the basic classifier used in active learning for WSD.
1	3.2  -cousin Classification The classifier for learning coordinate terms relies on the notion of distributional similarity, i.e., the idea that two words with similar meanings will be used in similar contexts  .
1	3.2 The parsers The parsers that we chose to evaluate are the C&C CCG parser  , the Enju HPSG parser  , the RASP parser  , the Stanford parser  , and the DCU postprocessor of PTB parsers  , based on LFG and applied to the output of the Charniak and Johnson reranking parser.
0	The time complexity of the CKY-based binarization algorithm is   , which is higher than that of the linear binarization such as the synchronous binarization  .
1	We show that the method of  , which was presented as a simple preprocessing step, is actually equivalent, except our representation explicitly separates hyperparameters which were tied in his work.
1	We report results on the Boston University   Radio Speech Corpus   and Boston Directions Corpus    , two publicly available speech corpora with manual ToBI annotations intended for experiments in automatic prosody labeling.
1	The other is the self-training   which first parses and reranks the NANC corpus, and then use them as additional training data to retrain the model.
1	In the SUMMAC experiments, the Kappa score   for interannotator agreement was reported to be 0.38  .
2	High-performance taggers typically also include joint three-tag counts in some way, either as tag trigrams   or tag-triple features  .
2	In Statistical Machine Translation  , recent work shows that WSD helps translation quality when the WSD system directly uses translation candidates as sense inventories  .
1	determining document orientation  , as in deciding if a given Subjective text expresses a Positive or a Negative opinion on its subject matter  ; 3.
1	Furthermore, early work on class-based language models was inconclusive  .
1	Both the global models   use fairly small training sets, and there is no evidence that their techniques will scale to larger data sets.
1	As in  , the parameter C8 D0 B4C4 CX B4D0D8 CX BND0DB CX B5CYC8BNC0BNDBBND8BNA1BNC4BVB5 is further smoothed as follows: C8 D0BD B4C4 CX CYC8BNC0BNDBBND8BNA1BNC4BVB5 A2 C8 D0BE B4D0D8 CX CYC8BNC0BNDBBND8BNA1BNC4BVBNC4 CX B5A2 C8 D0BF B4D0DB CX CYC8BNC0BNDBBND8BNA1BNC4BVBNC4 CX B4D0D8 CX B5B5 Note this smoothing is different from the syntactic counterpart.
1	3.3 Collinss Head-Lexicalized Model In contrast to Carroll and Rooths   approach, the model proposed by Collins   does not compute rule probabilities directly.
1	2.1 BLEU is essentially a precision-based metric and is currently the standard metric for automatic evaluation of MT performance.
1	Candidate term Segment result of GPWS for one sentence, in which term appears Table 2: Examples of candidates eliminated by GPWS 5 Relative frequency ratio against background corpus Relative frequency ratio   is a useful method to be used to discover characteristic linguistic phenomena of a corpus when compared with another  .
1	he above observations can be stated formally from the perspective of Brown et al.'s   Model 2
1	Besides continued research on improving MT techniques, one line of research is dedicated to better exploitation of existing methods for the combination of their respective advantages  .
1	Other systems   also look at Web product reviews but they do not extract 345 opinions about particular product features.
1	Recently, Wikipedia is emerging as a source for extracting semantic relationships  .
1	We implement some global constraints and include unary constraints which were largely imported from the list of seed words used in  .
1	The Duluth Word Alignment System is a Perl implementation of IBM Model 2  .
1	2 The IBM Model 4 For the work described in this paper we used a modified version of the statistical machine translation tool developed in the context of the 1999 Johns HopkinsSummer Workshop  , which implements IBM translation model 4  .
1	Pooling the sets to form two large CE and AE test sets, the AE system improvements are significant at a 95% level  ; the CE systems are only equivalent.
1	Previous work aligns a group of sentences into a compact word lattice  , a finite state automaton representation that can be used to identify commonality or variability among comparable texts and generate paraphrases.
1	he tag propagation/elimination scheme is adopted from  
1	he fact that information consisting of nothing more than bigrams can capture syntactic information about English has already been noted by  
1	Moore and Quirk   share the goal underlying our own research: improving, rather than replacing, Ochs MERT procedure.
2	Our similarity method is similar, but simpler, to that used by  , which report very good results on similarity datasets.
2	The well-known BLEU   is based on the number of common n-grams between the translation hypothesis and human reference translations of the same sentence.
1	Pivots are features occurring frequently and behaving similarly in both domains  .
1	This has been now an active research area for a couple of decades  .
1	We have achieved average results in the CoNLL domain adaptation track open submission  .
1	1.2 Evaluation In this paper we report results using the BLEU metric  , however as the evaluation criterion in GALE is HTER  , we also report in TER  .
1	For example, both Haghighi and Klein   and Mann and McCallum   have demonstrated results better than 66.1% on the apartments task described above using only a list of 33 highly discriminative features and the labels they indicate.
1	There are also approaches to anaphora resolution using unsupervised methods to extract useful information, such as gender and number  , or contextual role-knowledge  .
1	Previous workthe generative models described in Collins   and the earlier version of these models described in Collins  conditioned on punctuation as surface features of the string, treating it quite differently from lexical items.
1	  MEDLINE DT JJ VBN NNS IN DT NN NNS VBP The oncogenic mutated forms of the ras proteins are RB JJ CC VBP IN JJ NN NN . constitutively active and interfere with normal signal transduction . Figure 1: Part of speech-tagged sentences from both corpora we investigate its use in part of speech   tagging  .
2	State-of-the-art measures such as BLEU   or NIST   aim at measuring the translation quality rather on the document level1 than on the level of single sentences.
1	However, our representation of the model conceptually separates some of the hyperparameters which are not separated in  , and we found that setting these hyperparameters with different values from one another was critical for improving performance.
1	Our proposal is a first order linear model that relies on an online averaged Perceptron for learning   and an extended Eisner algorithm for the joint parsing inference.
2	The Light Age Q-Clear has a pulse duration in nanoseconds, achieving the highest energy density per pulse of all the Nd:YAG lasers  .
1	  used patterns representing part-of-speech sequences,   recognized adjectival phrases, and   learned N-grams.
1	Starting out with a chunking pipeline, which uses a classical combination of tagger and chunker, with the Stanford POS tagger  , the YamCha chunker   and the Stanford Named Entity Recognizer  , the desire to use richer syntactic representations led to the development of a parsing pipeline, which uses Charniak and Johnsons reranking parser   to assign POS tags and uses base NPs as chunk equivalents, while also providing syntactic trees that can be used by feature extractors.
1	However there has recently been much work drawing connections between the two methods  ; in this section we review this work.
1	We compare an ordinary PCFG estimated with maximum likelihood   and the HDP-PCFG estimated using the variational inference algorithm described in Section 2.6.
0	Our syntactic-relation-based thesaurus is based on the method proposed by Hindle  , although Hindle did not apply it to information retrieval.
1	We shall take HMM-based word alignment model   as an example and follow the notation of  .
1	We compared this nonprobabilistic DOP model against tile probabilistic DOP model   on three different domains: tbe Penn ATIS treebank  , the Dutch OVIS treebank   and tile Penn Wall Street Journal   treebank  .
1	7 This discussion could also be cast in an information theoretic framework using the notion of ""mutual information""  , estimating the variance of the degree of match in order to find a frequency-threshold  .
2	Throughout, the likelihood ratio   is used as significance measure because of its stable performance in various evaluations, yet many more measures are possible.
1	For the WMT 2009 Workshop, we selected a linear combination of BLEU   and TER   as optimization criterion,  := argmax{ TER}, based on previous experience  .
1	We also trained a baseline model with GIZA++   following a regimen of 5 iterations of Model 1, 5 iterations of HMM, and 5 iterations of Model 4.
1	For these words, we first used a POS tagger   to determine the correct POS.
1	These were combined using the Grow Diag Final And symmetrization heuristic  .
1	As with many domain adaptation problems, it is quite helpful to have some annotated target data, especially when annotation styles vary  .
1	he idea of tracing polarity through adjective cooccurrence is adopted by Turney   for the binary   classification of text reviews
1	Results on the provided 2000sentence development set are reported using the BLEU metric  .
1	Proceedings of EACL '99 Determinants of Adjective-Noun Plausibility Maria Lapata and Scott McDonald and Frank Keller School of Cognitive Science Division of Informatics, University of Edinburgh 2 Buccleuch Place, Edinburgh EH8 9LW, UK {mlap, scottm, keller} @cogsci.ed.ac.uk Abstract This paper explores the determinants of adjective-noun plausibility by using correlation analysis to compare judgements elicited from human subjects with five corpus-based variables: co-occurrence frequency of the adjective-noun pair, noun frequency, conditional probability of the noun given the adjective, the log-likelihood ratio, and Resnik's   selectional association measure.
2	  demonstrated that semi-supervised WSD could be successful.
0	Our results are better than those in many European countries, for example 29 % in Germany  , 26 % in France  , 20 % in Italy  , 16 % in Greece  , 24 % in Turkey  , 22 % in Australia  , and 18 % in China  .
2	For example, factored translation models   retain the simplicity of phrase-based SMT while adding the ability to incorporate additional features.
2	3 Perceptron Reranking As Collins   observes, perceptron training involves a simple, on-line algorithm, with few iterations typically required to achieve good performance.
1	However, existing models of disambiguation with lexicalized grammars are a mere extension of lexicalized probabilistic context-free grammars    , which are based on the decomposition of parsing results into the syntactic/semantic dependencies of two words in a sentence under the assumption of independence of the dependencies.
1	In  , a search stops if there is no hypothesis compatible with the gold standard in the queue of candidates.
1	The syntactic and part-of-speech informations were obtained from the part of the corpus processed in the Penn Treebank project  .
1	Most previous research in translation knowledge acquisition is based on parallel corpora  .
1	The novel algorithm differs computationally from earlier work in discriminative training algorithms for SMT   as follows: a90 No computationally expensive a57 -best lists are generated during training: for each input sentence a single block sequence is generated on each iteration over the training data.
1	Smadja, Frank   ""Retrieving collocations from text"", Computational Linguistics 19 :143-177.
1	Initial results show the potential benefit of factors for statistical machine translation,   and  .
1	The target set is built using the 88-89 Wall Street Journal Corpus   tagged using the   tagger and the   SuperTagger; the feedback sets are built using WSJ sentences con330 Algorithm 1 KE-train:   algorithm adapted to literal/nonliteral classification Require: S: the set of sentences containing the target word Require: L: the set of literal seed sentences Require: N: the set of nonliteral seed sentences Require: W: the set of words/features, w  s means w is in sentence s, s owner w means s contains w Require: epsilon1: threshold that determines the stopping condition 1: w-sim0  := 1 if wx = wy,0 otherwise 2: s-simI0  := 1, for all sx,sy  S S where sx = sy, 0 otherwise 3: i := 0 4: while   do 5: s-simLi+1  := summationtextwxsx p maxwysy w-simi , for all sx,sy  S L 6: s-simNi+1  := summationtextwxsx p maxwysy w-simi , for all sx,sy  S N 7: for wx,wy  W W do 8: w-simi+1  := braceleftBigg i = 0 summationtextsxownerwx p maxsyownerwy s-simIi  else summationtextsxownerwx p maxsyownerwys-simLi  ,s-simNi  } 9: end for 10: if wx,maxwyw-simi+1 w-simi }  epsilon1 then 11: break # algorithm converges in 1epsilon1 steps.
2	As has been previously observed and exploited in the NLP literature  , the above optimization function, unlike many others that have been proposed for graph or set partitioning, can be solved exactly in an provably efficient manner via methods for finding minimum cuts in graphs.
1	The normalization is visualized as a translation problem where messages in the SMS language are to be translated to normal English using a similar phrase-based statistical MT method  .
1	P   P L     Statistical approaches to language modeling have been used in much NLP research, such as machine translation   and speech recognition  .
2	Every sentence was part-of-speech tagged using a maximum entropy tagger   and parsed using a state-of-the-art wide coverage phrase structure parser  .
1	2.2 Using Log-Likelihood-Ratios to Estimate Word Translation Probabilities Our method for computing the probabilistic translation lexicon LLR-Lex is based on the the Log2http://www.fjoch.com/GIZA++.html Likelihood-Ratio   statistic  , which has also been used by Moore   and Melamed   as a measure of word association.
2	tems in  , with the best results so far obtained by the deterministic sieve system of Lee at al.
1	im and Hovy   predict the results of an election by analyzing forums discussing the elections
1	However, we believe this passage is in error: such an estimate is ineffective in the iterative scaling algorithm.
1	Sentence-level approximations to B exist  , but we found it most effective to perform B computations in the context of a setOof previously-translated sentences, following Watanabe et al.
1	In the context of part-of-speech tagging, Klein and Manning   argue for the same distinctions made here between discriminative models and discriminative training criteria, and come to the same conclusions.
2	ecent work emphasizes a corpus-based unsupervised approach   that avoids the need for costly truthed training data
1	Second, we will discuss the work done by   who use clustering of paraphrases to induce rewriting rules.
1	e borrow this useful term from the Core Language Engine project  
1	BLEU For all translation tasks, we report caseinsensitive NIST BLEU scores   using 4 references per sentence.
1	Traditionally, such unsupervised EM-trained HMM taggers are thought to be inaccurate, but   showed that by feeding the EM process with sufficiently good initial probabilities, accurate taggers   can be learned for both English and Hebrew, based on a   lexicon and large amount of raw text.
1	Turney   applied an internet-based technique to the semantic orientation classification of phrases, whichhadoriginallybeendevelopedforwordsentiment classification.
1	As far as the log-linear combination of float features is concerned, similar training procedures have been proposed in  .
1	Many adaptation methods operate by simple augmentations of the target feature space, as we have donehere .
1	Besides relative frequencies, lexical weights   are widely used to estimate how well the words in f translate the words in e. To do this, one needs first to estimate a lexical translation probability distribution w  by relative frequency from the same word alignments in the training corpus: w  = count summationtext e count    Note that a special source NULL token is added to each source sentence and aligned to each unaligned target word.
1	These wordbased models are used to find the latent wordalignments between bilingual sentence pairs, from which a weighted string transducer can be induced   or synchronous context free grammar  ).
1	We use the same preprocessing steps as Turian and Melamed  : during both training and testing, the parser is given text POS-tagged by the tagger of Ratnaparkhi  , with capitalization stripped and outermost punctuation removed.
0	The most sophisticated of these techniques   are unfortunately too computationally expensive to be used on large datasets like the Penn Treebank  .
1	he first is a novel stochastic search strategy that appears to make better use of Och  s algorithm for finding the global minimum along any given search direction than either coordinate descent or Powells method
1	 , this model is symmetric, because both word bags are generated together from a joint probability distribution.
1	In information retrieval, word similarity can be used to identify terms for pseudo-relevance feedback  .
1	Similar to the work of Barzilay and Lee  , who have applied paraphrase generation techniques to comparable corpora consisting of different newspaper articles about the same event, we are currently attempting to solve the data sparseness problem by extending our approach to non-parallel corpora.
1	Shen et al.,   report an accuracy of 97.33% on the same data set using a perceptron-based bidirectional tagging model.
1	While transfer learning was proposed more than a decade ago  , its application in natural language processing is still a relatively new territory  , and its application in relation extraction is still unexplored.
1	All topic models utilize Gibbs sampling for inference  .
1	We analyze our results using syntactic features extracted from a parse tree generated by Collins parser   and compare those to models built using features extracted from FrameNets human annotations.
2	The pioneering work of Ramshaw and Marcus   introduced NP chunking as a machine-learning problem, with standard datasets and evaluation metrics.
0	For efficiency reasons we report results on sentences of length 30 words or less.10 The syntax-based method gives a BLEU   score of 25.04, a 0.46 BLEU point gain over Pharoah.
1	In  , shallow syntactic analysis such as POS tagging and morphological analysis were incorporated in a phrasal decoder.
1	The approach is in the spirit of Smadja   on retrieving collocations from text corpora, but is more integrated with parsing.
1	The latter group did an experiment early on in which they found that manual tagging took about twice as long as correcting  , with about twice the interannotator disagreement rate and an error rate that was about 50% higher  .
1	The results evaluated by BLEU score   is shown in Table 2.
1	The parse trees on the English side of the bitexts were generated using a parser   implementing the Collins parsing models  .
1	3 Bilingual Task: An Application for Word Alignment 3.1 Sentence and word alignment Bilingual alignment methods  .
1	The implementation of the algorithm is one that has a core of code that can run on either the Penn Treebank   or on the Chinese Treebank.
1	1 Introduction This paper reports on our experience hand tagging the senses of 25 of the most frequent verbs in 12,925 sentences of the Wall Street Journal Treebank corpus  .
1	To derive the joint counts c  from which p  and p  are estimated, we use the phrase induction algorithm described in  , with symmetrized word alignments generated using IBM model 2  .
1	Given a weight vector w, the score wf  ranks possible labelings of x, and we denote by Yk,w  the set of k top scoring labelings for x. We use the standard B,I,O encoding for named entities  .
1	The senses are: 1 material from cellulose 2 report 3 publication 4 medium for writing 5 scientific 6 publishing firm 7 physical object inventory is suitable for which application, other than cross-lingual applications where the inventory can be determined from parallel data  .
1	Recent work by Koehn and Hoang   pro514 poses factored translation models that combine feature functions to handle syntactic, morphological, and other linguistic information in a log-linear model.
1	We should note, however, that most other stochastic parsers do include counts of single nonheadwords: they appear in the backed-off statistics of these parsers  .
1	 , the BBN parser builds augmented parse trees according to a process similar to that described in Collins  .
1	Five chunk tag sets, IOB1, IOB2, IOE1, IOE2   and SE  , are commonly used.
1	This tagging scheme is the IOB scheme originally put forward by Ramshaw and Marcus  .
1	Several automatic sentence alignment approaches have been proposed based on sentence length   and lexical information  .
1	.4 Experiment 2: Yarowskys Words We also conducted translation on seven of the twelve English words studied in Yarowsky  
1	The variance semiring is essential for many interesting training paradigms such as deterministic 40 annealing  , minimum risk  , active and semi-supervised learning  .
2	Dukes   and Sinclair   concluded that the most accurate results in maintaining the vertical dimension of occlusion of dentures during processing were obtained with artificial stone and a layer of silicone rubber.
1	It is believed that improvement can be achieved by training the generative model based on a discriminative optimization criteria   in which the training procedure is designed to maximize the conditional probability of the parses given the sentences in the training corpus.
1	The first work on SMT done at IBM  , used a noisy-channel model, resulting in what Brown et al.
1	One is to use a stochastic gradient descent   or Perceptron like online learning algorithm to optimize the weights of these features directly for MT  .
1	So far, this approach has been taken by a lot of researchers  .
1	Therefore, the base forms have been introduced manually and the POS tags have been provided partly manually and partly automatically using a statistical maximum-entropy based POS tagger similar to the one described in  .
1	Other statistical systems that address word classification probleans do not emphasize the use of linguistic knowledge and do not deal with a specific word class\ .
1	The feature weights i are trained in concert with the LM weight via minimum error rate   training  .
1	This formula follows the convention of   in letting so designate the null state.
1	3.2.1 Factored Treelet Translation Labels of nodes at the t-layer are not atomic but consist of more than 20 attributes representing various linguistic features.3 We can consider the attributes as individual factors  .
1	  introduced five statistical translation models  .
1	Weights for the log-linear model are set using the 500-sentence tuning set provided for the shared task with minimum error rate training   as implemented by Venugopal and Vogel  .
1	  and Magerman   used the clustering algorithm of Brown et al
0	Both Charniak   and Bikel   were trained using the goldstandard tags, as this produced higher accuracy on the development set than using Ratnaparkhi  s tags.
1	Our baseline model follows Chiangs hierarchical model   in conjunction with additional features:  conditional probabilities in both directions: P  and P ;  lexical weights   in both directions: Pw  and Pw ; 21  word counts |e|;  rule counts |D|;  target n-gram language model PLM ;  glue rule penalty to learn preference of nonterminal rewriting over serial combination through Eq.
1	We build sentencespecific zero-cutoff stupid-backoff   5-gram language models, estimated using 4.7B words of English newswire text, and apply them to rescore each 10000-best list.
1	Our chunks and functions are based on the annotations in the third release of the Penn Treebank  .
1	This paper, however, aims at the k-best tree algorithms whose packed representations are hypergraphs    , which includes most parsers and parsing-based MT decoders.
0	Unlike minimum error rate training  , our system is able to exploit large numbers of specific features in the same manner as static reranking systems  .
1	For further information on these parameter settings, confer  .
1	  invented heuristic symmetriza57 FRENCH/ENGLISH ARABIC/ENGLISH SYSTEM F-MEASURE   BLEU F-MEASURE   BLEU GIZA++ 73.5 30.63 75.8 51.55   74.1 31.40 79.1 52.89 LEAF UNSUPERVISED 74.5 72.3 LEAF SEMI-SUPERVISED 76.3 31.86 84.5 54.34 Table 3: Experimental Results tion of the output of a 1-to-N model and a M-to-1 model resulting in a M-to-N alignment, this was extended in  .
1	First, we need to determine whether or not the positive effect of SVD feature selection is preserved in more complex feature spaces such as syntactic feature spaces as those used in  .
2	This method, initially proposed by  , was successfully evaluated in the context of the SENSEVAL framework  .
2	Confusion network based system combination for machine translation has shown promising advantage compared with other techniques based system combination, such as sentence level hypothesis selection by voting and source sentence re-decoding using the phrases or translation models that are learned from the source sentences and target hypotheses pairs  .
1	Building upon the large body of research to improve tagging performance for various languages using various models  ) and the recent work on PCFG grammars with latent annotations  , we will investigate the use of fine-grained latent annotations for Chinese POS tagging.
1	3 The M&E Framework We model two RSRs, Cause and Contrast, adopting the de nitions of Marcu and Echihabi     for their Cause-ExplanationEvidence and Contrast relations, respectively.
0	This is because their training data, the Penn Treebank  , does not fully annotate NP structure.
2	To estimate the parameters of the MEMM+pred model we turn to the successful Maximum Entropy   parameter estimation method.
1	Examples of such affinities include synonyms  , verb similarities   and word associations  .
1	2.1 Synchronous derivations The derivations for syntactic dependency trees are the same as specified in  , which are based on the shift-reduce style parser of  .
0	reported a better average motion ratio, but the signals also had substantially better SNR  .
1	The lexical scores are computed as the   log probability of the Viterbi alignment for a phrase pair under IBM word-translation Model 1  .
2	In their seminal work,   demonstrated that supervised learning signi cantly outperformed a competing body of work where hand-crafted dictionaries are used to assign sentiment labels based on relative frequencies of positive and negative terms.
1	We report case-insensitive scores on version 0.6 of METEOR   with all modules enabled, version 1.04 of IBM-style BLEU  , and version 5 of TER  .
1	A simple example is shown in Figure 1, where the arc between a and hat indicates that hat is the head of a. Current statistical dependency parsers perform better if the dependency lengthes are shorter  .
1	More recently, the integration of information sources, and the modeling of more complex language processing tasks in the statistical framework has increased the interest in smoothing methods  .
1	2.2 Creation of a Coarse-Grained Sense Inventory To tackle the granularity issue, we produced a coarser-grained version of the WordNet sense inventory3 based on the procedure described by Navigli  .
1	  present a chart generator using wide-coverage PCFG-based LFG approximations automatically acquired from treebanks  .
1	arletta   argues that the kappa statistic   should be adopted to judge annotator consistency for classification tasks in the area of discourse and dialogue analysis
1	Transformation-based error-driven learning has been applied to a number of natural language problems, including part of speech tagging, prepositional phrase attachment disambiguation, speech generation and syntactic parsing \ .
1	The models are based on a maximum entropy framework  .
1	This sequential property is well suited to HMMs  , in which the jumps from the current aligned position can only be forward.
0	ur study also shows that the simulated-annealing algorithm   is more effective 1552 than the perceptron algorithm   for feature weight tuning
2	Molecular markers and population genetic analyses have greatly facilitated our ability to assess previously unobtainable data on the ecological or evolutionary dynamics of metazoan animal parasites in natural populations  .
1	Since this transform takes a probabilistic grammar as input, it can also easily accommodate horizontal and vertical Markovisation   as described by Collins   and subsequently.
1	We have found, however, that collocational evidence can be employed to suggest which noun compounds reflect taxonomic relationships, using a strategy similar to that employed by Hindle   for detecting synonyms.
1	Proceedings of the 40th Annual Meeting of the Association for  , a number of other algorithms have been developed.
1	P  =producttextiP    The actions are also sometimes split into a sequence of elementary decisions Di = di1,,din, as discussed in  .
1	Thus we rank each sense wsi WSw using Prevalence Score wsi =    njNw dssnj  wnss  wsiWSw wnss  where the WordNet similarity score   is defined as: wnss = max nsxNSnj  ) 2.2 Building the Thesaurus The thesaurus was acquired using the method described by Lin  .
1	ROUGE  , a recall-oriented evaluation package for automatic summarization.
2	4.1 Complete ambiguity classes Ambiguity classes capture the relevant property we are interested in: words with the same category possibilities are grouped together.4 And ambiguity classes have been shown to be successfully employed, in a variety of ways, to improve POS tagging  .
1	ch   described the use of minimum error training directly optimizing the error rate on automatic MT evaluation metrics such as BLEU
1	Much of this work has been fueled by the availability of large corpora annotated with syntactic structures, especially the Penn Treebank  .
1	Finally, we plan to apply the model to other paraphrasing tasks including fully abstractive document summarisation  .
1	For this study, we used the same 6 test meetings as in  .
1	ang and Lee   frame the problem of detecting subjective sentences as finding the minimum cut in a graph representation of the sentences
1	Following Ramshaw and Marcus  , the current dominant approach is formulating chunking as a classification task, in which each word is classified as the  eginning,  nside or  outside of a chunk.
1	In this case, one is often required to find the translation  in the hypergraph that are most similar to the desired translations, with similarity computed via some automatic metric such as BLEU  .
1	In the second pass, 5-gram and 6-gram zero-cutoff stupid-backoff   language models estimated using 4.7 billion words of English newswire text are used to generate lattices for phrasal segmentation model rescoring.
1	Following Zhang and Clark  , we first generated CTB 3.0 from CTB 4.0 using sentence IDs 110364.
1	Typically, a small set of seed polar phrases are prepared, and new polar phrases are detected based on the strength of co-occurrence with the seeds  .
0	However, these unsupervised methodologies show a major drawback by extracting quasi-exact or even exact match pairs of sentences as they rely on classical string similarity measures such as the Edit Distance in the case of   and Word N-gram Overlap for  .
2	…different site between SMN1 and SMN2 is shown in black ic position; REF, reference allele of the SNPs; ALT, alternative allele of the SNPs; H, widely applied in clinics  .
1	he feature weights for the overall translation models were trained using Och?s   minimum-error-rate training procedure
2	These advantages of using waveguides enable synchronized concurrent accesses of an optical bus in a pipelined fashion  .
1	Graph-based algorithms for classification into subjective/objective or positive/negative language units have been mostly used at the sentence and document level  , instead of aiming at dictionary annotation as we do.
1	2 We illustrate the rule extraction with an example from the tree-to-tree translation model based on tree sequence alignment   without losing of generality to most syntactic tree based models.
1	The Log-Likelihood-Ratio Association Measure We base all our association-based word-alignment methods on the log-likelihood-ratio   statistic introduced to the NLP community by Dunning  
2	There has been significant work with such models for greedy sequence modeling in NLP  .
1	The concept of baseNP has undergone a number of revisions   but has previously always been tied to extraction from a more completely annotated treebank, whose annotations are subject to other pressures than just initial material up to the head . To our knowledge, our gures for inter-annotator agreement on the baseNP task itself 169   are the rst to be reported.
1	Clustering-based approaches usually represent word contexts as vectors and cluster words based on similarities of the vectors  .
0	According to Cochrane Database of systematic Reviews, all of these three drugs are efficacious for mild to moderate AD   though the symptomatic relief provided byAChE inhibition therapy is weak   and fails to reverse disease progression  .
1	For this paper, we used POS tags that were provided either by the Treebank itself   or by the perceptron POS tagger3 presented in Collins  .
1	arowsky   presented an approach that significantly reduces the amount of labeled data needed for word sense disambiguation
1	2 Baseline Coreference Resolution System Our baseline coreference system implements the standard machine learning approach to coreference resolution  , Ponzetto and Strube  , Yang and Su  , for instance), which consists of probabilistic classification and clustering, as described below.
1	2 Related Works Some of the most common measures of unithood include pointwise mutual information     and log-likelihood ratio  .
1	2.1 Minimum Error Rate Training The predominant approach to reconciling the mismatch between the MAP decision rule and the evaluation metric has been to train the parameters  of the exponential model to correlate the MAP choice with the maximum score as indicated by the evaluation metric on a development set with known references  .
1	4.3 Baselines 4.3.1 Word Alignment We used the GIZA++ implementation of IBM word alignment model 4   for word alignment, and the heuristics described in   to derive the intersection and refined alignment.
1	Dunning   argues for the use of G 2 rather than X 2, based on an analysis of the sampling distributions of G 2 and X 2, and results obtained when using the statistics to acquire highly associated bigrams.
1	We report that our parsing framework achieved high accuracy   in dependency analysis of Japanese with a combination of an underspecified HPSG-based Japanese grammar, SLUNG   and the maximum entropy method  .
1	Generative methods   treat word alignment as a hidden process and maximize the likelihood of bilingual training corpus using the expectation maximization   algorithm.
2	Preparing tagged corpora either by hand is labour-intensive and potentially error-prone, and although a semi-automatic approach can be used  , it is a good thing to reduce the human involvement as much as possible.
1	The production weights are estimated either by heuristic counting   or using the EM algorithm.
1	Dirichlet priors can be used to bias HMMs toward more skewed distributions  , which is especially useful in the weakly supervised setting consideredhere.
1	The modifications are made to deal with the efficiency issue due to the fact that there is a very large number of features and training samples in our task, compared to only 8 features used in  .
1	The marginal relevance systems   used a simple selection mechanism which does not involve search, inspired by the maximal marginal relevance   approach  .
1	Table 2: The set of tags used to mark explicit morphemes in English Tag Meaning JJR Adjective, comparative JJS Adjective, superlative NNS Noun, plural POS Possessive ending RBR Adverb, comparative RBS Adverb, superlative VB Verb, base form VBD Verb, past tense VBG Verb, gerund or present participle VBN Verb, past participle VBP Verb, non3rd person singular present VBZ Verb, 3rd person singular present Figure 2: Morpheme alignment between a Turkish and an English sentence 4 Experiments We proceeded with the following sequence of experiments:   Baseline: As a baseline system, we used a pure word-based approach and used Pharaoh Training tool  , to train on the 22,500 sentences, and decoded using Pharaoh   to obtain translations for a test set of 50 sentences.
1	The Maximum Entropy model   is a conditional model that assigns a probability to every possible parse  for a given sentence s. The model consists of a set of m feature functions fj  that describe properties of parses, together with their associated weights j. The denominator is a normalization term where Y   is the set of parses with yield s: p  = exp )summationtext yY   exp ))   The parameters   j can be estimated efficiently by maximizing the regularized conditional likelihood of a training corpus  :  = argmax  logL   summationtextm j=1  2j 22   where L  is the likelihood of the training data.
1	ollocation map that is first suggested in   is a sigmoid belief network with words as probabilistic variables
1	Recent work has explored two-stage decoding, which explicitly decouples decoding into a source parsing stage and a target language model integration stage  .
1	4 Corpus Annotation For our corpus, we selected 1,000 sentences containing at least one comma from the Penn Treebank   WSJ section 00, and manually annotated them with comma information3.
1	The training of IBM model 4 was implemented by the GIZA++ package  .
1	2 Related Work Syntax-based translation models engaged with SCFG have been actively investigated in the literature  .
1	3 Analysis Results 3.1 Kappa Statistic Kappa coefficient   is commonly used as a standard to reflect inter-annotator agreement.
1	For Czech, we created a prototype of the first step of this process -the part-of-speech   tagger -using Rank Xerox tools  ,  .
1	2.1 Model 2 of   Both parsing models discussed in this paper inherit a great deal from this model, so we briefly describe its ""progenitive"" features here, describing only how each of the two models of this paper differ in the subsequent two sections.
1	  and   utilized bootstrapping for word sense disambiguation.
1	As a solution, a given amount of labeled training data is divided into two distinct sets, i.e., 4/5 for estimating , and the 667 remaining 1/5 for estimating   .
2	1 Introduction Recent trends in machine translation illustrate that highly accurate word and phrase translations can be learned automatically given enough parallel training data  .
0	By doing so we must emphasize that, as described in the previous section, the BLEU score was not designed to deliver satisfactory results at the sentence level  , and this also applies to the closely related NIST score.
1	Several approaches for learning from both labeled and unlabeled data have been proposed   where the unlabeled data is utilised to boost the performance of the algorithm.
0	The Illumina platform and Roche GS-FLX are an effective combination to call SNPs when lacking a reference genome  , but additional labor, time and cost are required to build a rough reference with GS-FLX.
1	3 Quasi-Synchronous Grammar For a formal description of QG, we recommend Smith and Eisner  .
1	Phrase-pairs are then extracted from the word alignments  .
0	The morphological processing in PairClass   is more sophisticated than in Turney  .
1	Our framework makes use of the log-frequency Bloom filter presented in  , and described briefly below, to compute smoothed conditional n-gram probabilities on the fly.
2	Decision lists have already been successfully applied to lexical ambiguity resolution by   where they perfromed well.
1	ntroduction Translation of two languages with highly different morphological structures as exemplified by Arabic and English poses a challenge to successful implementation of statistical machine translation models  
1	One of the earliest attempts at extracting \interrupted collocations""  , was that of Smadja  .
1	The results are consistent with the idea in  .
1	To compare different clustering algorithms, results with the standard method of     are also reported.
1	3 Implementation 3.1 Feature Structure To implement the twin model, we adopt the log linear or maximum entropy   model   for its flexibility of combining diverse sources of information.
1	Using alignment for grammar and lexicon induction has been an active area of research, both in monolingual settings   and in machine translation     | interestingly, statistical MT techniques have been used to derive lexico-semantic mappings in the \reverse"" direction of language understanding rather than generation  .
1	We also compared the MSR algorithm to two of the state-of-the-art discriminative training methods: Boosting in Row 3 is an implementation of the improved algorithm for the boosting loss function proposed in  , and Perceptron in Row 4 is an implementation of the averaged perceptron algorithm described in  .
2	This validation can be readily done using a specific PCR and PCR product sequencing, for which miR-RACE can be prefered method due to its effectiveness in the validation of precise sequences, especially both ends of miRNAs  .
1	Another way of doing the parameter estimation for this matching task would have been to use an averaged perceptron method, as in Collins  .
1	We use a standard maximum entropy classifier   implemented as part of MALLET  .
2	The PHQ-2   is a screening measure of depression that has been well studied and has been traditionally used in primary care settings  .
1	amshaw and Marcus   first introduced the machine learning techniques to chunking problem
1	In  ,   the significance of an association   is measured by the mutual information I , i.e. the probability of observing x and y together, compared with the probability of observing x and y independently.
1	Table look-up using an explicit translation lexicon is sufficient and preferable for many multilingual NLP applications, including ""crummy"" MT on the World Wide Web  , certain machine-assisted translation tools (e.g.
1	Moreover, this evaluation concern dovetails with a frequent engineering concern, that sentence-level scores are useful at various points in the MT pipeline: for example, minimum Bayes risk decoding  , selecting oracle translations for discriminative reranking  , and sentenceby-sentence comparisons of outputs during error analysis.
1	Metrics based on word alignment between MT outputs and the references  .
1	Ontologies are formal specifications of a conceptualization   so that it seems straightforward to formalize annotation schemes as ontologies and make use of semantic annotation tools such as OntoMat   for the purpose of linguistic annotation.
1	Pharaoh also includes lexical weighting parameters that are derived from the alignments used to induce its phrase pairs  .
1	The algorithm is exactly the same as the one described in   to find the most probable part-of-speech sequence.
1	This is an unsuitable measure for inferring reliability, and it was the use of this measure that prompted Carletta   to recommend chance-corrected measures.
1	his implementation is exactly the one proposed in Yarowsky  
1	Alternatively, one can view   as inducing an alignment between terms in the h to the terms in the t, somewhat similar to alignment models in statistical MT  .
1	5.2.1 Generate English Annotated Corpus from Wikipedia Wikipedia provides a variety of data resources for NER and other NLP research  .
2	The Penn Treebank   has until recently been the only such corpus, covering 4.5M words in a single genre of financial reporting.
1	7An alternative framework that formally describes some dependency parsers is that of transition systems  .
1	The focus of much of the automatic sentiment analysis research is on identifying the affect bearing words   and on measurement approaches for sentiment  .
1	The algorithms were trained and tested using version 3 of the Penn Treebank, using the training, development, and test split described in Collins   and also employed by Toutanova et al.
1	Themodeling approachhere describedis discriminative, and is based on maximum entropy   models, firstly applied to natural language problems in  .
1	  So far, none of the studies in sentiment detection   or opinion extraction   have specifically looked at the role of superlatives in these areas.
1	For content selection, discourse-level considerations were proposed by Daume III and Marcu  , who explored the use of Rhetorical Structure Theory  .
1	Other research has been conducted in analysing sentiment at a sentence level using bootstrapping techniques  , finding strength of opinions  , summing up orientations of opinion words in a sentence  , and identifying opinion holders  .
1	4.1 Data Preparation NP chunking results have been reported on two slightly different data sets: the original RM data set of Ramshaw and Marcus  , and the modi ed CoNLL-2000 version of Tjong Kim Sang and Buchholz  .
0	In a recent study by Finkel et al. ,  , nonlocal information is encoded using an independence model, and the inference is performed by Gibbs sampling, which enables us to use a stateof-the-art factored model and carry out training efficiently, but inference still incurs a considerable computational cost.
1	As an alternative, Huang and Chiang   describes a forest-based reranking algorithm called cube growing, which also employs beam search, but focuses computation only where necessary in a top-down pass through a parse forest.
2	5.2 Maximum Entropy Maximum entropy classiflcation   is an alternative technique which has proven efiective in a number of natural language processing applications  .
1	he fact that the error rate more than doubles when the seeds in Yarowsky's   experiments are reduced from a sense's best collocations to just one word per sense suggests that the error rate would increase further if no seeds were provided
1	Liu and Gildea   also pointed out that due to the limited references for every MT output, using the overlapping ratio of n-grams longer than 2 did not improve sentence level evaluation performance of BLEU.
1	These constraints tie words in such a way that the space of alignments cannot be enumerated as in IBM models 1 and 2  .
1	he later IBM models are formulated to prefer collocations  
1	Thus, it may not suffer from the issues of non-isomorphic structure alignment and non-syntactic phrase usage heavily  .
1	As a sanity check, we duplicated Pang et al.s   baseline in which all unigrams that appear four or more times in the training documents are used as features.
1	Penn Treebank corpus   sections 0-20 were used for training, sections 2124 for testing.
1	Syntactic context information is used   to compute term similarities, based on which similar words to a particular word can directly be returned.
1	2 Background 2.1 Phrase Table Extraction Phrasal decoders require a phrase table  , which contains bilingual phrase pairs and 17 scores indicating their utility.
2	Streptomyces are well known for their prolific production of antibiotics, which are thought to mediate species interactions  .
1	Table 4 shows the linguistic features of the resulting model compared to the models of Carroll and Rooth  , Collins  , and Charniak  .
1	Finally, it would be nice to merge some of the approaches by   and   with the ideas of semi-supervised learning introduced here, since they seem orthogonal in at least some aspects  .
1	POS tagger: The maximum entropy POS tagger developed by Ratnaparkhi   and the rule-based POS tagger developed by Brill   are trained with 1200 abstracts extracted from the GENIA corpus, which achieve accuracies of 97.97% and 98.06% respectively, when testing on the rest 800 abstract of the GENIA corpus.
1	Parameters  used to calculate P  are trained using MER training   on development data.
1	Moreover, it was   the inference technique employed in  .
1	7 Discussion As we mentioned, there are some algorithms similar to ours  .
1	It is explored extensively in  .
1	A detailed discussion on the use of kappa in natural language processing is presented in  .
1	A third of the corpus is syntactically parsed as part of the Penn Treebank   2This type corresponds to Princes   inferrables.
1	5.1 Agreement between translators In an attempt to quantify the agreement between the two groups of translators, we computed the Kappa coefficient for annotation tasks, as defined by Carletta  .
0	Specifically, in the task of word alignment, heuristic approaches such as the Dice coefficient consistently underperform their re-estimated counterparts, such as the IBM word alignment models  .
1	stance, the IBM models   can be improved by adding more context dependencies into the translation model using a ME framework rather than using only p   .
1	Using BLEU   as a metric, our method achieves an absolute improvement of 0.06   as compared with the standard model trained with 5,000 L f -L e sentence pairs for French-Spanish translation.
1	3 Network Evaluation We present an evaluation which has been carried out on an initial set of annotations of English articles from The Wall Street Journal  ).
2	In particular,   presents very strong results using a distributional-similarity module and achieve impressive tagging accuracy while starting with a mere 116 prototypical words.
0	Surprisingly, although JESS-CM is a simpler version of the hybrid model in terms of model structure and parameter estimation procedure, JESS-CM provides F-scores of 94.45 and 88.03 for CoNLL00 and 03 data, respectively, which are 0.15 and 0.83 points higher than those reported in   for the same configurations.
1	There have been many studies on POS guessing of unknown words  .
1	While Kazama and Torisawa used a chunker, we parsed the definition sentence using Minipar  .
2	We estimate loss gradients   using a sample of the inference set, which gives a 100-fold increase in training speed  .
0	In  , we observed that while the our segment-based speech recognition systems performs well in clean speech, the system has difficulty placing landmarks   in the presence of noise and often produces poor recognition hypotheses.
1	As multiple derivations are used for finding optimal translations, we extend the minimum error rate training   algorithm   to tune feature weights with respect to BLEU score for max-translation decoding  .
1	The Inversion Transduction Grammar The Inversion Transduction Grammar of Wu   can be thought as a a generative process which simultaneously produces strings in both languages through a series of synchronous context-free grammar productions
1	This was done for supervised parsing in different ways by Collins  , Klein and Manning  , and McDonald et al.
1	We experimented with two independent, arguably complementary techniques for clustering and aligning  a predicate argument based approach that extracts more general templates containing one predicate and a ROUGE   based 265 approach that can extract templates containing multiple verbs.
1	3.2 Translation Scores The translation scores for four different systems are reported in Table 1.5 Baseline: In this system, we use the GIZA++ toolkit  , a suffix-array architecture  , the SRILM toolkit  , and minimum error rate training   to obtain word-alignments, a translation model, language models, and the optimal weights for combining these models, respectively.
2	…the same dose range, produces significant anti-epileptic  , anti-nociceptic  , and anti-addictive effects  .
1	12 As such, we resort to an approximation: Voted Perceptron training  .
1	While   does not discuss distinguishing more than 2 senses of a word, there is no immediate reason to doubt that the ""one sense per collocation"" rule   would still hold for a larger number of senses.
1	The OP data consists of 2,452 documents from the Penn Treebank  .
1	So far, research in automatic opinion recognition has primarily addressed learning subjective language  , identifying opinionated documents   and sentences  , and discriminating between positive and negative language  .
1	3 The data 3.1 The supervised data For English, we use the same data division of Penn Treebank   parsed section   as all of  ,  ,   and   do; for details, see Table 1.
1	3.2 Results In line with previous work  , we first compare Naive Bayes and Logistic regression on the two NLP tasks.
1	We utilize the OpenNLP MaxEnt implementation2 of the maximum entropy classification algorithm   to train classification models for each lemma and part-of-speech combination in the training corpus.
2	  highlights the benefits of such strong gradients and the first results from the Connectome scanner   are now starting to verify those findings.
1	In our own work on document compression models  , both of which extend the sentence compression model of Knight and Marcu  , we assume that sentences and documents can be summarized exclusively through deletion of contiguous text segments.
2	Indole-3-carbinol is used as standard reference compound as its chemopreventive potential by modulating the activities of phase I and phase II enzymes has been well established in the literature  .
1	4This was a straightforward task; two annotators annotated independently, with very high agreementkappa score of over 0.95  .
2	Their idea has proven effective for estimating the statistics of unknown words in previous studies  .
1	They mention that the resulting shallow parse tags are somewhat different than those used by Ramshaw and Marcus  , but that they found no significant accuracy differences in training on either set.
1	Similarly, Smadja   uses a six content word window to extract significant collocations.
1	5.3 Baseline System We conducted experiments using different segmenters with a standard log-linear PB-SMT model: GIZA++ implementation of IBM word alignment model 4  , the refinement and phrase-extraction heuristics described in  , minimum-errorrate training  , a 5-gram language model with Kneser-Ney smoothing trained with SRILM   on the English side of the training data, and Moses   to translate both single best segmentation and word lattices.
1	The cohesion between words has been evaluated with the mutual information measure, as in  .
1	Bilingual bracketing methods were used to produce a word alignment in  .
1	The common types of features include contextual  , co-occurrence  , and syntactic dependency  .
1	291 3.1 Level of Analysis Research on sentiment annotation is usually conducted at the text   or at the sentence levels  .
2	3 The Syntactic and Semantic Parser Architecture To achieve the complex task of joint syntactic and semantic parsing, we extend a current state-of-theart statistical parser   to learn semantic role annotation as well as syntactic structure.
1	ll our MT systems were trained using a variant of the alignment template model described in  
1	State-of-the-art statistical parsers trained on the Penn Treebank     proS a8a8 a8a8a8 a72a72 a72a72a72 NP-SBJ a16a16a16 a80a80a80the authority VP a16a16a16 a16a16a16a16 a0 a0a0 a64 a64a64 a80a80a80 a80a80a80a80 VBD dropped PP-TMP a8a8 a72a72IN at NP NN midnight NP-TMP NNP Tuesday PP-DIR a8a8 a72a72TO to NP QP a16a16a16 a80a80a80$ 2.80 trillion Figure 1: A sample syntactic structure with function labels.
1	4.3 Using Unlabeled Data for Parsing Recent studies on parsing indicate that the use of unlabeled data by self-training can help parsing on the WSJ data, even when labeled data is relatively large  .
1	These tags are drawn from a tagset which is constructed by 363 extending each argument label by three additional symbols a80a44a81a83a82a84a81a86a85, following  .
0	The most commonly used metric, BLEU, correlates well over large test sets with human judgments  , but does not perform as well on sentence-level evaluation  .
1	Negation was processed in a similar way as previous works  .
1	It is interesting to constrast this method with the ""parse-parse-match"" approaches that have been reported recently for producing parallel bracketed corpora  .
0	Even with the current incomplete set of semantic templates, the hypertagger brings realizer performance roughly up to state-of-the-art levels, as our overall test set BLEU score   slightly exceeds that of Cahill and van Genabith  , though at a coverage of 96% insteadof98%.
1	It has been difficult to identify all and only those cases where a token functions as a discourse connective, and in many cases, the syntactic analysis in the Penn TreeBank   provides no help.
1	This is based on the idea from   that rare words in the training set are similar to unknown words in the test set, and can be used to learn how to tag the unknown words that will be encountered during testing.
1	ALM does this by using alignment models from the statistical machine translation literature  .
0	WordNet sense information has been criticized to be too fine grained  .
1	At one extreme are those, exemplified by that of Wu  , that have no dependence on syntactic theory beyond the idea that natural language is hierarchical.
1	The earliest work in this direction are those of  ,  ,  ,  ,   and  .
1	Manually defined heuristics are used to automatically annotate each tree in the treebank with partially specified HPSG derivation trees: Head/argument/modifier distinctions are made for each node in the tree based on Magerman   and Collins  ; 336 ODonovan et al. Large-Scale Induction and Evaluation of Lexical Resources the whole tree is then converted to a binary tree; heuristics are applied to deal with phenomena such as LDDs and coordination and to correct some errors in the treebank, and finally an HPSG category is assigned to each node in the tree in accordance with its CFG category.
1	Chu-Carroll and Carpenter   describe a method of disambiguation, where disambiguation questions are dynamically constructed on the basis of an analysis of the differences among the closest routing destination vectors.
1	In order to resolve all Chinese NLDs represented in the CTB, we modify and substantially extend the     algorithm as follows: Given the set of subcat frames s for the word w, and a set of paths p for the trace t, the algorithm traverses the f-structure f to: predict a dislocated argument t at a sub-fstructure h by comparing the local PRED:w to ws subcat frames s t can be inserted at h if h together with t is complete and coherent relative to subcat frame s traverse f starting from t along the path p link t to its antecedent a if ps ending GF a exists in a sub-f-structure within f; or leave t without an antecedent if an empty path for t exists In the modified algorithm, we condition the probability of NLD path p   on the GF associated of the trace t rather than the antecedent a as in C04.
1	We distinguish two main approaches to domain adaptation that have been addressed in the literature  : supervised and semi-supervised.
1	aume III & Marcu   argue that generic sentence fusion is an ill-defined task
1	A CYK-style decoder has to rely on binarization to preprocess the grammar as did in   to handle multi-nonterminal rules.
1	Parsing research has also begun to adopt discriminative methods from the Machine Learning literature, such as the perceptron   and the largemargin methods underlying Support Vector Machines  .
1	Strube and Ponzetto explored the use of Wikipedia for measuring Semantic Relatedness between two concepts  , and for Coreference Resolution  .
1	Syntactic criteria are relevant, but clearly not decisive, as can be observed in  .
1	We will briefly review the perceptron algorithm, and its convergence properties  see Collins   for a full description.
1	Instead researchers condition parsing decisions on many other features, such as parent phrase-marker, and, famously, the lexical-head of the phrase    .
1	Note that unlike the constructions in   and   no errors are possible for ngrams stored in the model.
0	This, unfortunately, significantly jeopardizes performance   because by integrating syntactic constraint into decoding as a hard constraint, it simply prohibits any other useful non-syntactic translations which violate constituent boundaries.
2	Inversion transduction grammar  , or ITG, is a wellstudied synchronous grammar formalism.
1	While they train the parameters using a maximum a posteriori estimator, we extend the MERT algorithm   to take the evaluation metric into account.
1	Linear weights are assigned to each of the transducers features using an averaged perceptron for structure prediction  .
1	Yarowsky   uses a conceptually similar technique for WSD that learns from a small set of seed examples and then increases recall by bootstrapping, evaluated on 12 idiosyncratically polysemous words.
0	Brill's results demonstrate that this approach can outperform the Hidden Markov Model approaches that are frequently used for part-of-speech tagging  , as well as showing promise for other applications.
1	A number of researchers have explored learning words and phrases with prior positive or negative polarity    ).
1	everal artificial techniques have been used so that classifiers can be developed and tested without having to invest in manually tagging the data: Yarowsky   and Sch/itze   have acquired training and testing materials by creating pseudowords from existing nonhomographic forms
1	The information for semi-supervised sense disambiguation is usually obtained from bilingual corpora    , or sense-tagged seed examples  .
1	These belong to two main categories based on machine learning   and language or domain specific rules  .
1	Pattern-based IE approaches employ seed data to learn useful patterns to pinpoint required fields values  .
1	For example, the word alignment computed by GIZA++ and used as a basis to extract the TTS templates in most SSMT systems has been observed to be a problem for SSMT  , due to the fact that the word-based alignment models are not aware of the syntactic structure of the sentences and could produce many syntax-violating word alignments.
1	The data set consisting of 249,994 TFSs was generated by parsing the Figure 3: The size of Dpi; for the size of the data set 800 bracketed sentences in the Wall Street Journal corpus   in the Penn Treebank   with the XHPSG grammar  .
2	ch   has described an ef cient exact one-dimensional error minimization technique for a similar search problem in machine translation
1	Classi er Training Set Precision Recall F-Measure Linear 10K pairs 0.837 0.774 0.804 Maximum Entropy 10K pairs 0.881 0.851 0.866 Maximum Entropy 450K pairs 0.902 0.944 0.922 Table 4: Performance of Alignment Classi er 3.2 Paraphrase Acquisition Much recent work on automatic paraphrasing   has used relatively simple statistical techniques to identify text passages that contain the same information from parallel corpora.
1	One option is what Johnson   calls many-to-one   accuracy, in which each induced tag is labeled with its most frequent gold tag.
0	However, while BBG also selectively stains the ILM,  staining intensity has been reported to be significantly inferior to that of ICG.  • After its recent Food and Drug Administration’s approval, TB is now also approved for intravitreal use in both Europe and the United States.
1	Several authors have used mutual information and similar statistics as an objective function for word clustering  , for automatic determination of phonemic baseforms  , and for language modeling for speech recognition  .
1	Our goal is to come up with a mechanism that, given an input string, identifies the phrases in this string, this is a fundamental task with applications in natural language  .
1	Another motivation to evaluate the performance of a phrase translation model that contains only syntactic phrases comes from recent efforts to built syntactic translation models  .
1	  binarize grammars into CNF normal form, while   allow only Griebach-Normal form grammars.
1	Unlabeled dependencies can be readily obtained by processing constituent trees, such as those in the Penn Treebank  , with a set of rules to determine the lexical heads of constituents.
2	ROUGE-L, ROUGE-W, and ROUGE-S have also been applied in automatic evaluation of summarization and achieved very promising results  .
1	When we consider the frequency of discourse relations, i.e. 43% for ELABORATION, 32% for CONTRAST etc. , the weighted accuracy was 53% using only lexical information, which is comparable to the similar experiment by   of 49.7%.
1	3.1.2 Kappa Kappa   is an evaluation measure which is increasingly used in NLP annotation work  .
1	Similarly,   propose a relative distortion model to be used with a phrase decoder.
1	Nakagawa   and Hall   also showed the effectiveness of global features in improving the accuracy of graph-based parsing, using the approximate Gibbs sampling method and a reranking approach, respectively.
1	Decoding weights are optimized using Ochs algorithm   to set weights for the four components of the log-linear model: language model, phrase translation model, distortion model, and word-length feature.
1	Unfortunately, a counterexample illustrated in   shows that the max function does not produce valid kernels in general.
1	Hyponymy relations were extracted from definition sentences  .
1	The named-entity features are generated by the freely available Stanford NER tagger  .
1	ROUGE   is an evaluation metric designed to evaluate automatically generated summaries.
1	3.1 Model-based Phrase Pair Posterior In a statistical generative word alignment model  , it is assumed that   a random variable a specifies how each target word fj is generated by   a source 1 word eaj; and   the likelihood function f  specifies a generativeprocedurefromthesourcesentencetothe target sentence.
1	In a second top-down pass similar to Huang and Chiang  , we can recalculate psyn  for alternative derivations in the hypergraph; potentially correcting search errors made in the first pass.
1	However, following the work of Yarowsky  , Yarowsky  , many supervised WSD systems use minimal information about syntactic structures, for the most part restricting the notion of context to topical and local features.
1	BLEU score In order to measure the extent to which whole chunks of text from the prompt are reproduced in the student essays, we used the BLEU score, known from studies of machine translation  .
1	This shows that hypothesis features are either not discriminative enough, or that the reranking model is too weak This performance gap can be mainly attributed to two problems: optimization error and modeling error  .1 Much work has focused on developing better algorithms to tackle the optimization problem  ), since MT evaluation metrics such as BLEU and PER are riddled with local minima and are difficult to differentiate with respect to re-ranker parameters.
1	However, with the algorithms proposed in  , it is possible to develop a general-purpose decoder that can be used by all the parsing-based systems.
1	It extracts all consistent phrase pairs from word-aligned bitext  .
1	Titov and McDonald   proposed a joint model of text and aspect ratings which utilizes a modified LDA topic model to build topics that are representative of ratable aspects, and builds a set of sentiment predictors.
1	In order to build models that perform well in new   domains we usually find two settings  : In the semi-supervised setting the goal is to improve the system trained on the source domain using unlabeled data from the target domain, and the baseline is that of the system c2008.
1	4.1 Training and Translation Setup Our decoder is a phrase-based multi-stack implementation of the log-linear model similar to Pharaoh  .
1	Information extraction approaches that infer labeled relations either require substantial handcreated linguistic or domain knowledge, e.g.,    , or require human-annotated training data with relation information for each domain  .
1	Moses provides BLEU   and NIST  , but Meteor   and TER   can easily be used instead.
1	We took part the Multilingual Track of all ten languages provided by the CoNLL-2007 shared task organizers .
2	One of the popular statistical machine translation paradigms is the phrase-based model    .
2	Similar results were obtained by Chiarella and his colleagues, who compared single and multiplex immunization strategies and showed that the latter was the most effective  .
1	3.2 Maximum Entropy ME models implement the intuition that the best model will be the one that is consistent with the set of constrains imposed by the evidence, but otherwise is as uniform as possible  .
1	This approach attempts to improve translation quality by optimizing an automatic translation evaluation metric, such as the BLEU score  .
2	Regarding synthetic inhibitors, PC190723 is the most studied compound so far  .
1	We tuned Pharaohs four parameters using minimum error rate training   on DEV.12 We obtained an increase of 0.8 9As in the POS features, we map each phrase pair to its majority constellation.
1	Each model can represent an important feature for the translation, such as phrase-based, language, or lexical models  .
2	used in the method has been proven as a safe resource for biologic organisms  .
1	5 Related work The methodology which is closest to our framework is ORANGE  , which evaluates a similarity metric using the average ranks obtained by reference items within a baseline set.
1	Word alignments were generated using GIZA++   over a stemmed version of the parallel text.
1	he collocations have been calculated according to the method described in Church and Hanks   by moving a window on the texts
1	Such transformations are typically denoted as paraphrases in the literature, where a wealth of methods for their automatic acquisition were proposed  .
1	The second uses Lin dependency similarity, a syntacticdependency based distributional word similarity resource described in  9.
1	In examining the combination of the two types of parsing, McDonald and Nivre   utilized similar approaches to our empirical analysis.
2	Multi-kinase inhibitors including imatinib, which blocks RTKs such as c-Kit and PDGFR, have been used in sarcoma clinical trials with modest success  .
1	Daume allows an extra degree of freedom among the features of his domains, implicitly creating a two-level feature hierarchy with one branch for general features, and another for domain specific ones, but does not extend his hierarchy further  ).
1	Table 2 shows the total space and number of bytes required per n-gram to encode the model under different schemes: LDC gzipd is the size of the files as delivered by LDC; Trie uses a compact trie representation  ) with 3 byte word ids, 1 byte values, and 3 byte indices; Block encoding is the encoding used in  ; and randomized uses our novel randomized scheme with 12 error bits.
1	Table 1 shows the percentage of agreement in classifying words as compounds or non-compounds   for each language and the Kappa score   obtained from it, and the percentage of words for which also the decomposition provided was identical  .
1	He then goes on to adapt the conventional noisy channel MT model of   to NLU, where extracting a semantic representation from an input text corresponds to finding: argmax  {p  p }, where p  is a model for generating semantic representations, and p  is a model for the relation between semantic representations and corresponding texts.
2	1 Introduction Automatic Metrics for machine translation   evaluation have been receiving significant attention in the past two years, since IBM's BLEU metric was proposed and made available  .
1	For a comparison, we also include the ROUGE-1 Fscores   of each system output against the human compressed sentences.
1	Furthermore, Bikel   provides evidence that lexical information   only makes a small contribution to the performance of parsing models such as Collinss  .
0	Current tree-based models that integrate linguistics and statistics, such as GHKM  , are not able to generalize well from a single phrase pair.
1	Table 1 shows the evaluation of all the systems in terms of BLEU score   with the best score highlighted.
1	We still use complex structures to represent the partial analyses, so as to employ both top-down and bottom-up information as in  .
1	Once this is accomplished, a variant of Powells algorithm is used to find weights that optimize BLEU score   over these hypotheses, compared to reference translations.
2	1 Introduction Most state-of-the-art wide-coverage parsers are based on the Penn Treebank  , making such parsers highly tuned to newspaper text.
1	Hw6: Implement beam search and reduplicate the POS tagger described in  .
1	The separation of these two requirements 7 A more precise account of what it means to be able to identify an object is beyond the scope of this paper; for further details, see the discussions by Hobbs  , Appelt  , Kronfeld  , and Morgenstern  .
1	The loglinear model feature weights were learned using minimum error rate training     with BLEU score   as the objective function.
2	Many efficient techniques exist to extract multiword expressions, collocations, lexical units and idioms  .
1	We use a bidirectional search strategy  , and our algorithm is based on Perceptron learning  .
1	Various methods   of automatically acquiring synonyms have been proposed.
1	Note that the minimum error rate training   uses only the target sentence with the maximum posterior probability whereas, here, the whole probability distribution is taken into account.
1	he effectiveness of these features for recognition of discourse relations has been previously shown by Marcu and Echihabi  
1	madja   proposed a statistical model by measuring the spread of the distribution of cooccurring pairs of words with higher strength
2	If the generating function has up to a finite number of zeros, the use of multigrid methods is significantly more efficient   .
1	We propose a corpus-based method   which generates Noun Classifier Associations   to overcome the problems in classifier assignment and semantic construction of noun phrase.
1	Self-training   is a form of semi-supervised learning.
1	Discriminative training has been used mainly for translation model combination   and with the exception of  , has not been used to directly train parameters of a translation model.
1	Modulo more minor differences, these notions are close to the ideas of interpretation as abduction   and generation as abduction  , where we take abduction, in the former case for instance, to be a process returning a temporal-causal structure which can explain the utterance in context.
1	3.1 Translation Model Form We first assume the general hypergraph setting of Huang and Chiang  , namely, that derivations under our translation model form a hypergraph.
1	ome of the alignment sets also have links which are not Sure links but are Possible links  
1	Deterministic Annealing: In this system, instead of using the regular MERT   whose training objective is to minimize the onebest error, we use the deterministic annealing training procedure described in Smith and Eisner  , whose objective is to minimize the expected error  .
0	Supervised approaches which make use of a small hand-labeled training set   typically outperform unsupervised approaches  , but tend to be tuned to a speci c corpus and are constrained by scarcity of labeled data.
1	Pure statistical machine translation   mltst in principle recover the most probable alignment out of all possible alignments between the input and a translation.
1	Surprisingly, though, rather little work has been devoted to learning local syntactic patterns, mostly noun phrases  .
1	Depending on the type of input, these efforts can be divided into two broad categories: the string-based systems whose input is a string to be simultaneously parsed and translated by a synchronous grammar  , and the tree-based systems whose input is already a parse tree to be directly converted into a target tree or string  .
1	Starting from the list of 12 ambiguous words provided by Yarowsky   which is shown in table 2, we created a concordance for each word, with the lines in the concordances each relating to a context window of 20 words.
1	Intuitively, if we allow any Source words to be aligned to any Target words, the best alignment that we can come up with is the one in Figure 1.c. Sentence pair   offers strong evidence that b c in language S means the same thing as x in language T. On the basis of this evidence, we expect the system to also learn from sentence pair   that a in language S means the same thing as y in language T. Unfortunately, if one works with translation models that do not allow Target words to be aligned to more than one Source word  as it is the case in the IBM models    it is impossible to learn that the phrase b c in language S means the same thing as word x in language T. The IBM Model 4  , for example, converges to the word alignments shown in Figure 1.b and learns the translation probabilities shown in Figure 1.a.2 Since in the IBM model one cannot link a Target word to more than a Source word, the training procedure 2To train the IBM-4 model, we used Giza  .
1	The candidates of unknown words can be generated by heuristic rules  or statistical word models which predict the probabilities for any strings to be unknown words  .
1	Our method for identifying paraphrases is an extension of recent work in phrase-based statistical machine translation  .
1	Since this relation can often be determined automatically for a given text  , we can readily use it to improve rank prediction.
1	Previous research has shown that RST trees can play a crucial role in building natural language generation systems   and text summarization systems  ; can be used to increase the naturalness of machine translation outputs  ; and can be used to build essayscoring systems that provide students with discourse-based feedback  .
1	decades like n-gram back-off word models  , class models  , structured language models   or maximum entropy language models  .
1	Instead of using Inversion Transduction Grammar     directly, we will discuss an ITG extension to accommodate gapping.
1	For the MER training  , Koehns MER trainer   is modified for our system.
1	As noted in Talbot and Osborne  , errors for this log-frequency BF scheme are one-sided: frequencies will never be underestimated.
1	For evaluation, we used the BLEU metrics, which calculates the geometric mean of n-gram precision for the MT outputs found in reference translations  .
1	Additionally, our approach makes it possible to do inference in just about twice the inference time with a single sequential CRF; in contrast, approaches like Gibbs Sampling that model the dependencies directly can increase inference time by a factor of 30  .
1	We envision the use of a clever datastructure would reduce the complexity, but leave this to future work, as the experiments   show that 5Our definition implies that we only consider faithful spans to be contiguous  .
2	It compares favorably 505 with conventional phrase-based translation   on Chinese-English news translation  .
2	The most popular non-data-splitting methods for predicting test set cross-entropy   are AIC and variants such as AICc, quasi-AIC  , and QAICc  .
1	he typical problems like doctor-nurse   could be avoided by using such information
1	Following the setup in Johnson  , we initialize the transition and emission distributions to be uniform with a small amount of noise, and run EM and VB for 1000 iterations.
1	Furthermore, use of the self-training techniques described in   raise this to 87.8%   again without any use of labeled Brown data.
1	2 Word-to-Word Bitext Alignment We will study the problem of aligning an English sentence to a French sentence and we will use the word alignment of the IBM statistical translation models  .
1	The Bloomier filter LM   has a precomputed matching of keys shared between a constant number of cells in the filter array.
1	This helps solve the sparse data problem since the number of classes is usually much smaller than the number of words.
2	3.2 Classifying speech segments in isolation In our experiments, we employed the well-known classifier SVMlight to obtain individual-document classification scores, treating Y as the positive class and using plain unigrams as features.5 Following standard practice in sentiment analysis  , the input to SVMlight consisted of normalized presence-of-feature   vectors.
1	We describe the experiment in greater detail 2The particular verbs selected were looked up in   and the class for each verb in the classification system defined in   was selected with some discussion with linguists.
1	Unsupervised Learning: Results To test the effectiveness of the above unsupervised learning algorithm, we ran a number of experiments using two different corpora and part of speech tag sets: the Penn Treebank Wall Street Journal Corpus \ .
1	3.1 Regeneration with Re-decoding One way of regeneration is by running the decoding again to obtain new hypotheses through a re-decoding process  .
1	The third estimates the equivalence based on word alignment composed using templates or translation probabilities derived from a set of parallel text  .
2	The translation quality was evaluated using a well-established automatic measure: BLEU score  .
1	3 Schone & Jurafsky's results indicate similar results for log-likelihood & T-score, and strong parallelism among information-theoretic measures such as ChiSquared, Selectional Association  , Symmetric Conditional Probability   and the Z-Score  .
1	3.2 Conversion to Dependencies 3.2.1 Syntactic Dependencies There exists no large-scale dependency treebank for English, and we thus had to construct a dependency-annotated corpus automatically from the Penn Treebank  .
1	2 Evaluating SR measures Various approaches for computing semantic relatedness of words or concepts have been proposed, e.g. dictionary-based  , ontology-based  , information-based   or distributional  .
1	First, we noted how frequently WordNet   gets used compared to other resources, such as FrameNet   or the Penn Treebank  .
0	We reimplemented two of the baselines given on the Letor webpage: RankSVM Our own implementation of RankSVM achieves better results than the Letor baseline.
1	Many traditional clustering techniques   attempt to maximize the average mutual information of adjacent clusters  = 21, 2 12 2121 ) |  ,  where the same clusters are used for both predicted and conditional words.
1	In the domain adaptation track, participants were provided with English training data from the Wall Street Journal portion of the Penn Treebank   converted to dependencies   to train parsers to be evaluated on material in the biological   and chemical   domains  , and optionally on text from the CHILDES database  .
1	This was used, for example, by   in information extraction, and by   in POS tagging.
1	  94.36   Table 8: The HySOL performance with the F-score optimization technique on Chunking   experiments from unlabeled data appear different from each other.
1	This con rms Liu and Gildea  s nding that in sentence level evaluation, long n-grams in BLEU are not bene cial.
1	4.2 Automatic Evaluation We first present our soft cohesion constraints effect on BLEU score   for both our dev-test and test sets.
2	It worked well for word segmentation alone  , even with an agenda size as small as 8, and a simple beam search algorithm also works well for POS tagging  .
1	2 Related Work There have been various efforts to integrate linguistic knowledge into SMT systems, either from the target side  , the source side   or both sides  , just to name a few.
1	The PCFG is a Markov grammar  , i.e. the production probabilities are estimated by decomposing the joint probability of the categories on the right-hand side into a product of conditionals via the chain rule, and making a Markov assumption.
1	2.1 EM parameter estimation We train using Expectation Maximisation  , optimising the log probability of the training setfe ,f gSs=1  .
1	We can stipulate the time line to be linearly ordered   nor in approaches employing branching futures  ), and we can stipulate it to be dense  .
1	Hobbs, Jerry   ""Ontological Promiscuity"", Proceedings of the 23rd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, Chicago, Illinois, pp.
1	The mutual information of a cooccurrence pair, which measures the degree of association between the two words  , is defined as  : P  I  -log 2 P  _ log 2   P P  P  = log 2 P  P  where P  and P  are the probabilities of the events x and y   and P  is the probability of the joint event  .
1	mith and Eisner   used a quasisynchronous grammar to discover the correspondence between words implied by the correspondence between the trees
1	Our approach was to identify a parallel corpus of manually and automatically transcribed documents, the TDT2 corpus, and then use a statistical approach   to identify tokens with significantly Table 5: Impact of recall and precision enhancing devices.
2	Finally, ADMGA is compared with the previously proposed nAMGA, used in   to tackle a dynamic knapsack problem with good results.
1	For the Transformation Based method, we have used both the PoS tag and the word itself, with the same templates as described in  .
1	  present a knowledge-lean algorithm that uses multiple-sequence alignment to 177 learn generate sentence-level paraphrases essentially from unannotated corpus data alone.
2	ERGMs are particularly useful for testing hypotheses about network relations, and they have started to be applied more widely in public health  .
2	nidulans, we made use of a simple but straightforward approach as it had been described recently  .
1	We run the decoder with its default settings and then use Koehn's implementation of minimum error rate training   to tune the feature weights on the development set.
1	Graphically speaking, parsing amounts to identifying rectangular crosslinguistic constituents  by assembling smaller rectangles that will together cover the full string spans in both dimensions  ).
1	In recent years, many researchers build alignment links with bilingual corpora  .
1	Bikel and Chiang   in fact contains two parsers: one is a lexicalized probabilistic contextfree grammar   similar to  ; the other is based on statistical TAG  .
2	Our implementation was based on Caffe  , which is one of the most popular deep learning frameworks.
1	The second alternative used BerkeleyAligner  , which shares information between the two alignment directions to improve alignment quality.
1	2 Block Orientation Bigrams This section describes a phrase-based model for SMT similar to the models presented in  .
1	Methods focussing on the use and generation of dictionaries capturing the sentiment of words have ranged from manual approaches of developing domain-dependent lexicons   to semi-automated approaches  , and even an almost fully automated approach  .
1	We held out 300 sentences for minimum error rate training     and optimised the parameters of the feature functions of the decoder for each experimental run.
1	  first introduced an iterative method for increasing a small set of seed data used to disambiguate dual word senses by exploiting the constraint that in a segment of discourse only one sense of a word is used.
1	In  , target trees were employed to improve the scoring of translation theories.
1	Classes can be induced directly from the corpus using distributional clustering   or taken from a manually crafted taxonomy  .
1	The field of statistical machine translation has been blessed with a long tradition of freely available software tools  such as GIZA++    and parallel corpora  such as the Canadian Hansards2.
1	arletta   and Ros6   point out the importance of taking into account the expected chance agreement among judges when computing whether or not judges agree significantly
1	Drawing on Abneys   analysis of the Yarowsky algorithm, we perform bootstrapping by entropy regularization: we maximize a linear combination of conditional likelihood on labeled data and confidence   on unlabeled data.
0	5Since the test data of   is not publicly available we were unable to carry out a more detailed comparison.
1	Someworkwithintheframework of synchronous grammars  , while others create a generative story that includes a parse tree provided for one of the sentences  .
1	Prototype-drive learning   specifies prior knowledge by providing a few prototypes   for each label.
1	As discussed in  , undirected graphical models do not seem to be suitable for history-based parsing models.
1	Introduction There has been considerable recent interest in the use of statistical methods for grouping words in large on-line corpora into categories which capture some of our intuitions about the reference of the words we use and the relationships between them  .
1	3.2.2 Alignment Error Rate Since MT systems are usually built on the union of the two sets of alignments  , we consider the union of alignments in the two directions as well as those in each direction.
1	ur work in sentence reformulation is different from cut-and-paste summarization   in many ways
1	The trigger-based lexicon model used in this work follows the training procedure introduced in   and is integrated directly in the decoder instead of being applied in n-best list reranking.
1	One other published model for grouping semantically related words  , is based on a statistical model of bigrams and trigrams and produces word groups using no linguistic knowledge, but no evaluation of the results is reported.
0	While these approaches have had som e success to date  , their usability as parsers in systems for natural language understanding is suspect.
1	Answer Extraction: We select the top 5 ranked sentences and return them as Collins, 1997, can be used to capture the binary dependencies between the head of each phrase.
1	For every pair of nouns, where each noun had a total frequency in the triple data of 10 or more, we computed their distributional similarity using the measure given by Lin  .
1	In the literature approaches to construction of taxonomies of concepts have been proposed  .
1	Even the recent generation of SMT models that explicitly use WSD modeling to perform lexical choice rely on sentence context rather than wider document context and translate sentences in isolation  .
1	1 Introduction Recent approaches to statistical machine translation   piggyback on the central concepts of phrasebased SMT   and at the same time attempt to improve some of its shortcomings by incorporating syntactic knowledge in the translation process.
1	2 Background: Overview of BLEU This section briefly describes the original BLEU  1, which was designed for English translation evaluation, so English sentences are used as examples in this section.
1	To test the reliability of group segmentation within GDM-IS, we calculate the kappa coefficient   8   to measure pairwise agreement between the subject and the expert.
1	Meanwhile, some learning algorithms, like maximum likelihood for conditional log-linear models  , unsupervised models  , and models with hidden variables  , require summing over the scores of many structures to calculate marginals.
1	For the Penn Treebank, our research and the work of others   have shown that such a correspondence exists in most cases.
2	The phrase-based approach developed for statistical machine translation   is designed to overcome the restrictions on many-tomany mappings in word-based translation models.
1	1 Introduction and Previous Research It is by now commonplace knowledge that accurate syntactic parsing is not possible given only a context-free grammar with standard Penn Treebank   labels  .
1	Lexical Weighting:   the lexical weight a27 a14a12a91 a29 a92a93a21 of the block a9 a72 a14a12a91 a19a86a92a93a21 is computed similarly to  , details are given in Section 3.4.
1	mith and Eisner   apply entropy regularization to dependency parsing
0	In cases like  , unsupervised methods offer accuracy results than rival supervised methods   while requiring only a fraction of the data preparation effort.
1	899 To alleviate overfitting on the training examples, we use the refinement strategy called averaged parameters   to the algorithm in Algorithm 1.
0	Recently, many syntax-based models have been proposed to address the above deficiencies  .
1	u   and Jones and Havrilla   have sought to more closely tie the allowed motion of constituents between languages to those syntactic transductions supported by the independent rotation of parse tree constituents
1	Co-training   is related to self-training, in that an algorithm is trained on its own predictions.
1	Their weights are calculated by deleted interpolation  .
1	GIZA++   and the heuristics grow-diag-final-and are used to generate m-ton word alignments.
1	n application of the idea of alternative targets can be seen in Kim and Hovys   work on election prediction
2	Many recent approaches in natural language processing   have recognized the need to use unannotated data to improve performance.
1	In one set of experiments, we generated lexicons for PEOPLE and ORGANIZATIONS using 2500 Wall Street Journal articles from the Penn Treebank  .
1	5.2 Translation In order to test the translation performance of the grammars induced by our model and the GHKM method6 we report BLEU   scores on sentences of up to twenty words in length from the MT03 NIST evaluation.
1	Four teams had approaches that relied   on an IBM model of statistical machine translation  .
1	Giving the increasing sophistication of probabilistic linguistic models   has a statistical approach to learning gap-threading rules) a probabilistic extension of our work is attractive--it will be interesting to see how far an integration of 'logical' and statistical can go.
1	Tuning is done for each experimental condition using Ochs Minimum Error Training  .
1	3 Margin Perceptron Algorithm for Sequence Labeling Weextendedaperceptronwithamargin  to sequence labeling in this study, as Collins   extended the perceptron algorithm to sequence labeling.
1	The translation quality on the TransType2 task in terms of WER, PER, BLEU score  , and NIST score   is given in Table 4.
1	The former extracts collocations within a fixed window  .
1	Note that it is straightforward to calculate these expected counts using a variant of the inside-outside algorithm   applied to the   dependency-parsing data structures   for projective dependency structures, or the matrix-tree theorem   for nonprojective dependency structures.
1	3 Experiments and Results All experiments were conducted on the treebanks provided in the shared task  .
1	Results in terms of word-error-rate   and BLEU score   are reported in Table 4 for those sentences that contain at least one unknown word.
1	2 Phrase-based Statistical MT Our baseline is a standard phrase-based SMT system  .
1	We can then state the following theorem   for a proof): Theorem 1 For any training sequence   that is separable with margin, for any value of T, then for the perceptron algorithm in figure 1 Ne R 2 2 where R is a constant such that 8i;8z 2 GEN  jj    jj R. This theorem implies that if there is a parameter vector U which makes zero errors on the training set, then after a finite number of iterations the training algorithm will converge to parameter values with zero training error.
1	Another way to look the algorithm is from the self-training perspective  .
1	This is comparable to the accuracy of 96.29% reported by   on the newswire domain.
0	In particular, the model in Collins   failed to generate punctuation, a deficiency of the model.
1	e set our space usage to match the 3.08 bytes per n-gram reported in Talbot and Brants   and held out just over 1M unseen n-grams to test the error rates of our models
1	The goal of each selection stage is to select the feature f that maximizes the gain of the log likelihood, where the a and gain of f are derived through following steps: Let the log likelihood of the model be  -=  yx xZysump pL,, )  = p  f  x,y  With the approximation assumption in Berger et al  s paper, the un-normalized component and the normalization factor of the model have the following recursive forms: )| | L -L  =- p    x  /Z S  ) +aE  p     The maximum approximate gain and its corresponding a are represented as: ) ,(~ a fS GfSL  =D maxarg f 3 A Fast Feature Selection Algorithm The inefficiency of the IFS algorithm is due to the following reasons.
1	To address this drawback, we proposed a new method3 to compute a more reliable and smoothed score in the undefined case, based on the IBM model 1  .
2	We used the average perceptron algorithm of Collins   in our experiments, a variation that has been proven to be more effective than the standard algorithm shown in Figure 2.
1	A few exceptions are the hierarchical   transduction models   and the string transduction models  .
1	3 Phrase-Based SMT According to the translation model presented in  , given a source sentence f, the best target translation best e can be obtained according to the following model )  | |  Where the translation model )| ,|  | |  Where )| ( 1  ii bad denote phrase translation probability and distortion probability, respectively.
2	In Carpuat and Wu  , anotherstate-of-the-artWSDengine  is used to dynamically determine the score of a phrase pair under consideration and, thus, let the phrase selection adapt to the context of the sentence.
0	The ubiquitous minimum error rate training   approach optimizes Viterbi predictions, but does not explicitly boost the aggregated posterior probability of desirable n-grams  .
0	Although there is a modest cost associated with annotating data, we show that a reduction of 40% relative in alignment error   is possible over the GIZA++ aligner  .
1	4.1 Model 1 Score We used IBM Model 1   as one of the feature functions.
1	what does student want to write your Figure 3: A derivation tree of lexicalized parse trees, such as the distinction of arguments/modifiers and unbounded dependencies  , are elegantly represented in derivation trees.
1	5 Experiments We compare the performance of our forest reranker against n-best reranking on the Penn English Treebank  .
1	ore details about why heuristics are needed and the process used to map sources to NPs can be found in Stoyanov and Cardie  
1	There are three major types of models: Heuristic models as in  , generative models as the IBM models   and discriminative models  .
1	This idea of employing n-gram co-occurrence statistics to score the output of a computer system against one or more desired reference outputs has its roots in the BLEU metric for machine translation   and the ROUGE   metric for summarization.
1	We are encoding the knowledge as axioms in what is for the most part a first-order logic, described by Hobbs  , although quantification over predicates is sometimes convenient.
1	3 Inversion Transduction Grammars While our approach applies in principle to a variety of machine translation systems  , we will use the inversion transduction grammar   approach of Wu   to facilitate comparison with previous work  aswellastofocuson language model complexity.
1	he extraction procedure utilizes a head percolation table as introduced by Magerman   in combination with a variation of Collinss   approach to the differentiation between complement and adjunct
1	The prior probability P0 is the prior distribution for the phrase probability which is estimated using the phrase normalized counts commonly used in conventional Phrasebased SMT systems, e.g.,  .
1	Tagging can also be done using maximum entropy modeling  : a maximum entropy tagger, called MXPOST, was developed by Ratnaparkhi    .
1	Accordingly, in this section we describe a set of experiments which extends the work of   by evaluating the Marker-based EBMT system of   against a phrase-based SMT system built using the following components:  Giza++, to extract the word-level correspondences;  The Giza++ word alignments are then refined and used to extract phrasal alignments  ; or   for a more recent implementation);  Probabilities of the extracted phrases are calculated from relative frequencies;  The resulting phrase translation table is passed to the Pharaoh phrase-based SMT decoder which along with SRI language modelling toolkit5 performs translation.
1	1993; Chang et al. , 1992; Collins and Brooks, 1995; Fujisaki, 1989; Hindle and Rooth, 1991; Hindle and Rooth, 1993; Jelinek et al. , 1990; Magerman and Marcus, 1991; Magerman, 1995; Ratnaparkhi et al. , 1994; Resnik, 1993; Su and Chang, 1988).
1	We presented some theoretical arguments for not limiting extraction to minimal rules, validated them on concrete examples, and presented experiments showing that contextually richer rules provide a 3.63 BLEU point increase over the minimal rules of  .
0	2Poon and Domingos   outperformed Haghighi and Klein  
1	A number of bootstrapping methods have been proposed for NLP tasks  , Collins and Singer  , Riloff and Jones  ).
2	To achieve efficient parsing, we use a beam search strategy like the previous methods  .
1	The tools used are the Moses toolkit   for decoding and training, GIZA++ for word alignment  , and SRILM   for language models.
1	For a full description of the algorithm, see  .
1	One is the longest common subsequence   based approach  .
1	A Broad-Coverage Word Sense Tagger Dekang Lin Department of Computer Science University of Manitoba Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada R3T 2N2 lindek@cs.umanitoba.ca Previous corpus-based Word Sense Disambiguation   algorithms   determine the meanings of polysemous words by exploiting their local contexts.
1	Previous work has shown that high-quality unlexicalized PCFGs can be learned from a treebank, either by manual annotation   or automatic state splitting  .
1	We use the GIZA toolkit  , a suffix-array architecture  , the SRILM toolkit  , and minimum error rate training   to obtain wordalignments, a translation model, language models, and the optimal weights for combining these models, respectively.
1	9 The definition of BLEU used in this training was the original IBM definition  , which defines the effective reference length as the reference length that is closest to the test sentence length.
1	The SemEval-2010 task we present here builds on thework ofNakov  , where NCs are paraphrased by combinations of verbs and prepositions.
2	Top-Down Parsing and Language Modeling Statistically based heuristic best-first or beam-search strategies   have yielded an enormous improvement in the quality and speed of parsers, even without any guarantee that the parse returned is, in fact, that with the maximum likelihood for the probability model.
1	We use the perceptron algorithm for sequence tagging  .
1	Most previous work on compositionality of MWEs either treat them as collocations  , or examine the distributional similarity between the expression and its constituents  .
2	In recent years, HMMs have enjoyed great success in many tagging applications, most notably part-of-speech   tagging   and named entity recognition  .
1	of ACL 1990  , F. Smadja, Retrieving collocations fi'cma text: XTRACT,  .
1	he preci781 start Palestinian suicide bomberblew himself up in SLOT1 on SLOT2 killing SLOT3 other people and injuring wounding SLOT4 end detroit the *e* a s *e* building buildingin detroit flattened ground levelled to blasted leveled *e* was reduced razed leveled to down rubble into ashes *e* to *e*     Figure 1: Examples of paraphrase patterns extracted by Barzilay and Lee   and Pang et al
1	1As do constraint relaxation   and forest reranking  .
1	  was proposed in the original work to solve the LMR Tagging problem.
1	Three recent papers in this area are Church and Hanks  , Hindle  , and Smadja and McKeown  .
1	Lee & Barzilay  , for example, use MultiSequence Alignment   to build a corpus of paraphrases involving terrorist acts.
1	  report extracting database records by learning record field compatibility.
1	Syntactic Score   Some erroneous sentences often contain words and concepts that are locally correct but cannot form coherent sentences  .
1	English POS tags were assigned by MXPOST  , which was trained on the training data described in Section 4.1.
1	Appendix A: Derivation of the Probability of RWE We take a noisy channel approach, which is a common technique in NLP  ), including spellchecking  .
1	With the exception of Fraser and Marcu  , these previous publications do not entirely discard the generative models in that they integrate IBM model predictions as features.
1	The first is identifying words and phrases that are associated with subjectivity, for example, that think is associated with private states and that beautiful is associated with positive sentiments  ).
1	  also includes a brief discussion of crossing constraints that can be derived from phrase structure correspondences.
1	6 Experiment 6.1 Setup The experiments we report were done on the Penn Treebank WSJ Corpus  .
2	A detailed description of the popular translation/alignment models IBM-1 to IBM-5  , as well as the Hidden-Markov alignment model     can be found in  .
1	Open-domain opinion extraction is another trend of research on opinion extraction, which aims to extract a wider range of opinions from such texts as newspaper articles  .
0	While the amount of parallel data required to build such systems is orders of magnitude smaller than corresponding phrase based statistical systems  , the variety of linguistic annotation required is greater.
1	Incremental Sigmoid Belief Networks   differ from simple dynamic SBNs in that they allow the model structure to depend on the output variable values.
2	While there have been remarkable developments in the last ten years  , structuring large-scale visual data is still an active research area and any improvements would have wide applicability.
1	We use data from the CoNLL-2004 shared taskthe PropBank   annotations of the Penn Treebank  , with sections 1518 as the training set and section 20 as the development set.
1	They use a conditional model, based on Collins  , which, as the authors acknowledge, has a number of theoretical deficiencies; thus the results of Clark et al. provide a useful baseline for the new models presented here.
2	Among the preparations of BoNT/A on the market, incobotulinumtoxinA   is the only complexing protein-free BoNT/A  .
1	Collocation: Collocations were extracted from a seven million word sample of the Longman English Language Corpus using the association ratio   and outputted to a lexicon.
1	Although some early systems for web-page analysis induce rules at character-level   and DIPRE  ), most recent approaches for set expansion have used either tokenized and/or parsed free-text  , or have incorporated heuristics for exploiting HTML structures that are likely to encode lists and tables  .
0	In informal experiments described elsewhere  , I found that the G 2 statistic suggested by Dunning   slightly outperforms 2.
1	We use the minimum-error rate training procedure by Och   as implemented in the Moses toolkit to set the weights of the various translation and language models, optimizing for BLEU.
1	An alternative approach to extracting the informal phrases is to use a bootstrapping algorithm  ).
2	The particles, or signals, are well known   in cellular automata   where iterated parallel processing of strings occurs.
1	According to the Bayes Rule, the problem is transformed into the noisy channel model paradigm, where the translation is the maximum a posteriori solution of a distribution for a channel target text given a channel source text and a prior distribution for the channel source text  .
1	1 Introduction Recent work in machine translation has evolved from the traditional word   and phrase based   models to include hierarchical phrase models   and bilingual synchronous grammars  .
1	In NLP community, it has been shown that having more data results in better performance  .
1	2.4 Maximum Entropy Classifier Maximum Entropy Models   seek to maximise the conditional probability of classes, given certain observations  .
1	After line 17, we can employ the one-sense-per-discourse heuristic to further classify unclassified data, as proposed in Yarowsky  .
1	We obtain weights for the combinations of the features by performing minimum error rate training   on held-out data.
1	The remaining six entries were all fully automatic machine translation systems; in fact, they were all phrase-based statistical machine translation system that had been trained on the same parallel corpus and most used Bleubased minimum error rate training   to optimize the weights of their log linear models feature functions  .
1	5.4 IBM-3 Word Alignment Models Since the true distribution over alignments is not known, we used the IBM-3 statistical translation model   to approximate . This model is specified through four components: Fertility probabilities for words; Fertility probabilities for NULL; Word Translation probabilities; and Distortion probabilities.
1	5.2 Impact on translation quality As reported in Table 3, small increases in METEOR  , BLEU   and NIST scores   suggest that SMT output matches the references better after postprocessing or decoding with the suggested lemma translations.
0	Function P R F Speed Partial Parsing 85.1 82.5 83.8 4500 wps Full Parsing 77.1 70.3 73.7 2100 wps Table 3: Performances of 1 st -level Partial Parsing and Full Parsing   Table 3 shows that the performances of partial parsing and full parsing are quite low, compared to those of state-of-art partial parsing and full parsing for the English language  .
2	agent was reported to reduce the risk of cardiac mortality  .
0	It reconfirms that only allowing sibling nodes reordering as done in SCFG may be inadequate for translational equivalence modeling   4 . 3) All the three models on the FBIS corpus show much lower performance than that on the other two corpora.
1	2.4 GermanEnglish For GermanEnglish, we additionally incorporated rule-based reordering  We parse the input using the Collins parser   and apply a set of reordering rules to re-arrange the German sentence so that it corresponds more closely English word order  .
1	7 Related Work There has been a recent interest in training methods that enable the use of first-order features  .
1	The second approximation proposed in   takes into consideration the fact that, after each decision is made, all the preceding latent variables should have their means i updated.
1	Thenthewordalignment is refined by performing grow-diag-final method  .
1	For a sequential learning algorithm, we make use of the Collins Perceptron Learner  .
2	Phrase-based decoding   is a dominant formalism in statistical machine translation.
1	The application of this algorithm to the basic problem using a parallel bilingual corpus aligned on the sentence level is described in  .